Title: Michael
Author: Theonewhoknocks
We hopped on a line of fat stones smothered in cool moss
watching our leaps over depths of dead twigs and leaves
I slipped, grasping for his skinny arms upon grey summit
brother for cousin, faith in blood, my savior from short fall

We peered over our flat mountain top in thin swimming trunks
a lake devoured in glistening flashes of sun mirroring heaven
as sheets of summer sweltered high noon to lakeside radio
from a yellow-white boat rocking in rhythm by crooked dock

Father bellowed our names, beading sweat from retired vessel
feet sent skimming patches of lemon and lime staining our soles 
to life-jackets cooked in July fire for our arrival, simmering flesh
sending us into clear shallow water, pennies in a wishing well

The high seas pounded under ship to deafening wind whistling
through our ears from port bow racing ducks and clouds afar
school a bygone war, eyes serenely casted into the lapis sky
as we skipped like a stone upon rolling waves to rippling center

We tossed rafts from gurgling stern, slithering ropes tied tight,
and prostrated behind as Jehovian sacrificial lamb in prayer;
beating hearts rendered the world soundless before revving roar
yanking swimming ropes taut in jolting rush injecting adrenaline

A tanned Hegel manned the wheel, swinging his pendulum to and fro
striking rows of vengeful waves hurling rubber orbs to pine top horizon
until aching muscles ceased struggle in fatal embrace of floating repose
supine in a sparkling waterbed, we laughed into oblivion awaiting home

Said seamless summer reels stretched on forever until sudden farewell
without a goodbye, shipped away to a wayward plane, brother no more
I sat alone by our stone mountain, the radio mourned September blues
crooning into violet sunset, as our boat idly swayed in elegy of nightfall
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: An Old Man's Winter Night
Author: Robert Frost
All out of doors looked darkly in at him
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars,
That gathers on the pane in empty rooms.
What kept his eyes from giving back the gaze
Was the lamp tilted near them in his hand.
What kept him from remembering what it was
That brought him to that creaking room was age.
He stood with barrels round him — at a loss.
And having scared the cellar under him
In clomping there, he scared it once again
In clomping off; — and scared the outer night,
Which has its sounds, familiar, like the roar
Of trees and crack of branches, common things,
But nothing so like beating on a box.
A light he was to no one but himself
Where now he sat, concerned with he knew what,
A quiet light, and then not even that.
He consigned to the moon, such as she was,
So late-arising, to the broken moon
As better than the sun in any case
For such a charge, his snow upon the roof,
His icicles along the wall to keep;
And slept. The log that shifted with a jolt
Once in the stove, disturbed him and he shifted,
And eased his heavy breathing, but still slept.
One aged man — one man — can't keep a house,
A farm, a countryside, or if he can,
It's thus he does it of a winter night.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Shakespearean Bio-Sonnet
Author: Thain Emrys
In fair and far Montana, actors dream
Of looming cities built from steel and glass,
Conjuring concrete junglescapes agleam
With neon signs and statues forged from brass;

They dream of traffic jams and midnight trains,
Jackhammers in the morning, one-room flats,
The scent of sidewalk garbage, acid rains,
And swarms of pizza-gnawing subway rats.

Just such a soul was Thain, who filled a van
With little more than clothes and fantasy.
“Farewell,” he bid his friends, and then began
His search for metropolic majesty.

Manhattan left him feeling bruised and sore.
He moved again. So far, he likes it more.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Queen of the Sea
Author: Patterson-Mooney
Jacqueline Sparrow was her name
her entire crew was female;
to sail with her from miles they came,
in those days there was no g-mail,

carrier pigeons flew their notes
o'er distances of briny seas,
they sailed massive ships not tugboats
in heated sun or winter freeze.

Sparrow was the Queen of the Sea
she certainly was not chicken;
her pirating skills quite mighty
making many men's hearts quicken.

To betray her, they'd walk the plank,
all her crewmembers were true-blue;
her ship stayed afloat, never sank
in choppy waters when winds blew.

Hail me hearties you'd hear her cry
let's rob the rich, give to the poor;
they were paid back with homemade Rye
woven fabrics they would procure.

Fashionista's they'd be today
a sewing machine was aboard,
no scissors to speak of, I'd say
hence, cutting was done with a sword.

No nonsense women, Jackie's crew,
no wool was pulled over their eyes;
they were tough cookies, hard to chew
whether rain or sunshine's blue skies.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: intoxicated
Author: Silk BlackRose
I hear their secrets
whispering in the leaves

the hiss of demonic tongues
waggling in my ears
like the waft of rotten fruit
hanging from putrefied vines

I am compelled to spread
their poisoned wine

dribble it drop by drop
into the wretched mouths
of back biting gossips

until the world drowns
in the acidic juices
of its own filthy ferment

be it I, the serpent
spreading venom to all the roots of eden
or the worm who wriggles 
round the pit of your peach 

weaving discontent
into the warp and weft of nations
corrupting each twine of the tapestry
until night comes like a harlot
and swallows the stars
------------------------------------------------------------

