Title: Landscape at Rouelles
Author: Krishenry

outdoors..
the peace and silence, meadows around,
sink into deep, intense green, - no

they are red, purple, and mad;

the river current, almost stagnant and
unmoved; not - the current is rushing away
with the speed and hum of the taking-off plane;

poplars high and pride, up there over the hill
no, they are bent by the wind and the shame weight,

lets at least, the blue sky and the white clouds

forget it,  the sky is so dark 
with  the long-forgotten - Sun - and lost
still, the clouds fade into grey - the rain;

what is real, tell me,
whether what is around or what indoors
the feelings held and unenveloped thoughts

... close the eyes and try to smuggle,
every hue and smile of green and blue,
...the thoughts get silent
after a while, everything comes back
to what should be like.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Supplicant
Author: UnapologeticallyLMB

missiles yet to find the place
you kneel, your blue skirt a sky
where once only birds soared
and dipped. Time shifts. The flutter
of your headscarf.
                         Holding
what is left of hope, trembling hands
brown from summer sun
obliterated; you bend in silent prayer
and I know it's autumn from the grass turned
green to polished gold, the leaves
bright rosy hues of dawn
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Matilda Who told Lies, and was Burned to Death
Author: Hilaire Belloc

Matilda told such Dreadful Lies,
It made one Gasp and Stretch one's Eyes;
Her Aunt, who, from her Earliest Youth,
Had kept a Strict Regard for Truth,
Attempted to Believe Matilda:
The effort very nearly killed her,
And would have done so, had not She
Discovered this Infirmity.
For once, towards the Close of Day,
Matilda, growing tired of play,
And finding she was left alone,
Went tiptoe to the Telephone
And summoned the Immediate Aid
Of London's Noble Fire-Brigade.
Within an hour the Gallant Band
Were pouring in on every hand,
From Putney, Hackney Downs, and Bow.
With Courage high and Hearts a-glow,
They galloped, roaring through the Town,
'Matilda's House is Burning Down!'
Inspired by British Cheers and Loud
Proceeding from the Frenzied Crowd,
They ran their ladders through a score
Of windows on the Ball Room Floor;
And took Peculiar Pains to Souse
The Pictures up and down the House,
Until Matilda's Aunt succeeded
In showing them they were not needed;
And even then she had to pay
To get the Men to go away,      
It happened that a few Weeks later
Her Aunt was off to the Theatre
To see that Interesting Play
The Second Mrs. Tanqueray.
She had refused to take her Niece
To hear this Entertaining Piece:
A Deprivation Just and Wise
To Punish her for Telling Lies.
That Night a Fire did break out--
You should have heard Matilda Shout!
You should have heard her Scream and Bawl,
And throw the window up and call
To People passing in the Street--
(The rapidly increasing Heat
Encouraging her to obtain
Their confidence) -- but all in vain!
For every time she shouted 'Fire!'
They only answered 'Little Liar!'
And therefore when her Aunt returned,
Matilda, and the House, were Burned.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Paul's Ride
Author: Matthew T.

Dank and oaken, scant of light 
Cobbled floors stained of the fight

Silver goblets and a schillings full
A head of steam, and a nation's pull

Lager and rum, slosh and dance
An unknown man who grinds his lance

The belfry's glow, a signal given
He digs his heels, the horse is driven

Silence lost in approaching fear
A man named Paul soon would appear 

Now gather men, take up the fight
Rally you kin throughout the night 

They drove them back and held their land
Armed with courage, and God's own hand
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Until The Next Time
Author: KennyW

Is this the field where the men lay dead
where arms and legs and torsos bled
with broken bones and severed heads
death by spears and arrows and by lead
we tally the scores before rumours spread
march onward to the next battle just ahead
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Yellow-tailed Black Cockatoos
Author: Terry Volbrecht

Last night I dreamed
I was crossing a footbridge,
its grey old boards 
cracked and creaking,
and winding to the left
across a tree-filled valley
with varied greens flecked 
with glowing sprays
of russet and amber.

Under the bridge
I saw a sloping bank 
of black rocks
sinking into the dark.

My eye lit on a singular stone,
split open to reveal
an oval of gold.

This morning I was writing,
bleary-eyed and aching,
when I heard a rustling 
in the hakea tree
outside my study window.
Looking up,
I saw the tree heaving
as if caught 
in a turbulent gale.

But there was no wind.
In the still autumnal air
I saw eight yellow-tailed
black cockatoos
and clearly heard 
the crackle and crunch
of their gleeful beaks
as they ate hakea seeds
and let a few green leaves,
untouched by the fall.
tumble down to earth.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Ring of Fire
Author: Susannaelliott

Smoke o’er all the town.
White mist coming down;
White ash flying all around
And resting on the ground.

Black smog in the skies,
Watering nose and eyes;
Animals all dying lie
Their matted fur all dry.

Smoking branches stew,
Where bitter grasses grew,
Now burning fields of blackened hue
Leave crops just now a few.

Fire trucks’ sirens blast,
The fires all out at last;
But where’s the skies of summers past
Instead this smoke forecast.

Smoke all o’er the shire,
Buildings all a-fire;
Camden’s church’s tallest spire
Surveys this ring of fire.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Camp (decap)
Author: Izehi Destiny Ughulu

Africa's colony; 9ja-Area
more closely; rigged in a square box
headed by The Fearless King
who roars sparkles of Wisdom
out of the basket of Life's Long Sermons

King of the Animal Farm; 'Absi'
They say we hail from Hell and behold
'Nebuchadnezzar' the Root-Sperm
The Bushman roams and rigmaroles,
who am I to intercede "lift their curses"?

We lie in state; in a mass-grave
and let dragon flies skin us alive---
under the sable skies, without an Anthem
while Thunder wallop our biscuit skulls
as we pray in murmurs to our foster daddies

Still in the daily Mass; we hum,
we inhale smog and recycle Rain
from the mouth, baptising each others
bar-head with hot solace of salivas
from the bottom of our potbellies

Below our purchased air, on stifled clocks
that race in retrogression towards the clock,
one of the each of us pauses breath
in the valleys; a bid of farewell to the Wolves amid,
who could find some bone to litter the cave
so we could rumble and hassle for mini-bites

They say Black is blank, pale and plain
without the Sun; we shine our doomed faces
How come our fluffy loamy sands hosts the Irokos
and Massonia; Who buried our Sun
to become platinum? Who chased the Lions
from East to West and North to the South?

Who buried our smiles and vigours below
the waist and crystal beads explode from below
with our Mortal Pistols, we keep the bang-band
in the chorus and chirrup to make them halla
"Yes I want some more" behind stages they fall
for blood diamonds and control us with pointed poles?

How come I'm this divine in Potipha's house?
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Live music
Author: Tone2

Raw strings rumbled hard
a chord of gut grumbled
singing out a bar
you strummed and drummed
burning that guitar
till it twanged and hummed
tempo presto, prestissimo
singeing the dry night air
with flickering flaming fire 
flair glistening everywhere
messing some girl's hair
whiplashes of her mane
shivering music down her spine
tickling and licking skin and thigh
trembling creeping inside
to lie in a deep and breathy sigh
you made her sing and move her thing
she swung her hip and sung
dancing against the dawn
sashaying of waves and sways
silhouette blazing in the rising sun
with a back arch and twirl
you touched it light and strummed it hard
flashing picks and dancing finger flicks
dancing between the light and the crispness of the night
strings became unstrung
but in the deadly quiet...
                                                 ...the music hummed and rung.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Bloated Thanks And A Grin
Author: juliebuck

Yo, what's the good word

	on this Thanksgiving day.

	 

	My hunger devours enticing

	savory poultry bouquet.

	 

	Bring on the stuffing,

	the rolls and the pies.

	 

	My loose pants are ready

	as are pudge, jiggly thighs.

	 

	Show me the yams

	and the cranberry, jellied.

	 

	My appetite, 'roused,

	says my waiting belly.

	 

	Don't call me a glutton

	but a ravenous beast

	 

	consuming the yummies

	of our traditional feast.

	 

	Oh sweet buttery corn and and

	green bean casserole;

	 

	mashed potato's and gravy,

	brown with giblets--

	I'm out of control! 

	 

	Crazy nana, cheery and old,

	yet none of us touch her orange 

	Jell-O mold.

	 

	Fruit salad by Aunt Trixie

	is like an orgasm on whiskey!

	 

	And niece's cream-cheese pumpkin

	pie, a rich pleasing gourd high.

	 

	Satisfied and full,

	a bloated thanks and a grin.

	 

	Our main focus now....

	 

	TO BE HUNGRY AGAIN!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Citylights
Author: Ashwinder

under the light pole
insects swarmed like 
hallucinated neurons
formed galaxies under the neon lights
an open congregation rebelling
against the rudeness of shadows
to the demure of citylights

indifferent, no welcome gazes
the contractions
of moistureless glottis
and fear
where to spend a night
and rest of life?

the broadway
life is enacted
more under the city lights
an inside-out folded theme is rolled out
before the panicking eyes

fast-moving, traffic
skewing lights and their disintegration 
into weird fainting colors
the night gasps wide-mouthed
and pale earthiness of the day
shy out there, above the rail tracks.

the idols, framed photos of gods and goddess
and pieces of red satin, sequined
under the Banyan tree, the eternal life
Just shivered and woke up to the day's
consciousness
by The long honk of a train, approaching.

A man's lifeless body
under the platform bench
the body's day off
from the bothering workday
a resignation into the congregation 
of swarming souls under the city lights.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Beside the city
Author: DK.DK

River is running to meet sea,
mountain for touching sky,
bee for taking honey
Birds are flying high. 

snail on the leave of tomatoes
sucking flower glaring butter fly,
numberless cricket coming far off 
burning and one by one die. 

green fields full of crops,
canal dancing near by,
jumping monkeys in the water
paddy fields, hovering on dragonfly,

melodious songs of shepherded,
bleating of seep grazing nearby, 
burning fire siting around,
touching rosy lips tea and pie,
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: ~*~  It's About Time,  ~*~
Author: Easy-Writer

Wal it's about time I told ya about.

Ma secret recipe, one a ma best.

Makes all these ranch hands jump up and shout.

My home made beef chili, dun won the WEST!

	 

^^^

Some taggers an fence builders say it's too hot?

But I hasta disagree with those few.

The real cattle drivers love it a lot.

They ALL enjoy it,, afta a week or two..

	 

^^^

Feedin' fifteen hands need a HUGE pot now.

Ah use the biggest thang thet I kin find!

And most a the time I use a 'horse trough'.

Ther's lotsa leftovers, most men don't mind!

	 

^^^

Fifteen cans a Pinto beans Bush's the best.

Twelve onions, pour in a case a Bud-Light.

Ten bottles a "HOT" sauce, gives it sum zest.

Most keep runnin' to the outhouse all night?

	 

^^^

Use a tough cut a beef chuck let it all cook.

Pieces a roadkill all diced up real fine.

Won't find this recipe in any cookbook,

all these ingredients here is all mine~

	 

	 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~````````````````~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Mmmmmm... Just Right!!
Author: Leroy mckitrick

Three familial bears out and about
for the cooling of the porridge
came bumbling back to their humble cottage,
innocent and ignorant 
of the domicile's defiled nature.
Discovery of the break in 
inspires roaring and shouting 
and declamations of outrage.
A cry for the chairs and disgust 
over snacked upon breakfast
finds them upstairs gazing stupefaction
at the tangled, twig infested
mop of blond hair fanned across 
that goose feather pillow.
Waking the small figure
laying so peacefully 
brings forth the most dire of consequences. 

Round and round rolls the rhythm
of rotisserie.
Flames in a stranger's hearth
crackle spatter dance to a succulent
bruin's rump roast, 
seared to darkling perfection.
Sliced away with sharpest blade,
brought trembling in starving anticipation,
teeth rending through bear flesh,
a bite explosive with flavors divine.
"Now this one is done... just right!"

The forest outside a humble bear's cottage
is silent in reverence to the hunted.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Cubes of color
Author: Waterfalls2016

Pretty and new 
Never messed with or teased
Six-sided and full of personality
Square by square; day by day
Changing my colors

Friends surrounding me galore
Most are fake indeed
No one wants to try to understand me
One little mistake and loss of memory can make me
Now looking like a mess and struggling to fix my scrambled brain

I am neatly arranged for a person to enjoy
Some use me for their crazy tricks
Or just to mess with and ignore
I am colorful and I used to be neat
But my mess makes my beauty

I am a cube of many colors and confusing as can be
Making me quite a puzzling game
Most give up after seeing the mistakes
Except for one up for a challenge
Maybe you will be ready one day
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Two Waters Meet
Author: Tom Kelly

High on the moor, as serene as a dream,
Each of the rivers is born as a stream,
Sparkling with joy in the sun's brilliant light,
Graced by the moon in the dark of the night.

Pure and unsullied and playful among
Gorse bush and heather, reborn ever young,
Each seeks it's way through the soft yielding earth,
Joyful adventurer, gleeful for birth.

Each of the rivers then wanders as free,
Hither and yon, as a bold bumble bee,
Rippling like bells ringing out joyful tones,
Tumbling and tripping past pebbles and stones.

Skylarks above riding high on the breeze
Add to the bells their own chorus of ease,
Flying unhindered where ever they will,
Rivers below in a dance never still.

Both of the rivers runs heedless of t'other
Never suspecting to meet with another.
Two waters meet, now, with conflict and turmoil,
Serenity thrust into tumult and toil. 

Pebbles are rattled, waves rise and are broken.
Dart East and Dart West in contention have spoken.
Neither can win, only melding will do.
Flowing together, both streams will stay true.

No choice to be made. Each stream will insist
On taking its place and with force will resist
Attempts to ignore it, "I am here, I will flow".
Clashing with you, together we'll ­go.

Now crashing now trickling,
Now bubbling now streaming,
Now eddying now pooling,
Now lively now still,
Now boldly now prudent,
Now eager now pensive,
Now dogged now pliant,
Now cocky now meek,
Now powered now dreamy,
Over the cataracts,
Tangled and mingled, 

Gushing at last where it's widened and calm,
Composed now, less troubled as if by a balm
As banks that have ruled it now yield to its force
That mounts on each twist and each turn of its course
Invincible, untameable till it forged its own space,
Now yielding, at peace, to the firm earth's embrace.

So onward it flows, past castle and quay,
Past gardens all ready for Devon cream tea,
And pubs serving pasties with cider and ale,
Refreshing bold hikers on the Dart Valley Trail.
(And scrumpy as well, but mainly for locals,
Some mellow, some contentious, increasingly vocal.)

And now it becomes a great playground for youth
In rowboats and kayaks all testing their strength
Against the Dart's current when plying upstream
Or lazily drifting downstream for a length.

Then as it spreads wider and runs ever deeper
And breezes blow inland with scents of the sea, 
Sails fill on sleek dinghies that scurry along
And bow to the windward or relax in the lee.

Then yachtsmen in vessels with cabins and galley,
Folks snug in the cockpit and sipping on gin, 
With grace make their headway out from the marina
Towards the famed channel before turning back in.

Now tourists float by on their sight-seeing cruises
Admiring the yachts and the views of the banks
While clinging to handrails or sitting down safe.
("You seasick there, dear?" "Please don't say it, but thanks.")

Time is now nearing for Dart's graver tasks,
Flowing so far from the peace of the moor
Past the Royal Navy's Britannical school,
Youth being trained in the tactics of war.

Out to the channel for warships and freighters
Free from their moorings and out of their slips,
Dart joins with briny bold muscular sea
Bearing together the might of great ships.

Strengthened to shoulder on waves running free,
Out to the channel Dart joins with the sea,
Plym and the Tamar bold ocean's stout stems,
Avon and Severne and stately old Thames.

Trawlers and tankers and other great ships
Cast from their moorings and out from their slips.
Out to the ocean to fight mighty swells,
Roiling and rolling throughout all ship's bells.

Strengthened, enboldened Dart strives to keep true
Guarding both cargo and captain and crew,
Bearing the ships while the gale does it's damnedest,
Holding them safe through each storm and each tempest.

Storms then soon pass, when the sea like a balm
Soothes sailor's fears as it settles to calm.
Waves now just gentle, they rock every berth,
Peaceful as Darts at the time of their birth.

Vast is the sea and so far from the moor,
Land of those springs that two rivers it bore.
Over them, though, giving guidance and care,
Sun and same moon like two parents at prayer. 

High on the moor, as serene as a dream
Each of our rivers was born as a stream.
Sparkling at sea now in sun's brilliant light,
Graced by the moon in the dark of the night.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Isle of Summer
Author: Michael Jia

Look! upon the grass-green island,
ferns and blooms blanketing the sodden, rich earth,
an assortment of kaleidoscopic hues.

Listen! to the symphony of the island,
the chirping of crickets and the croaking of frogs,
the trills of the songbirds.


Feel! the soft, weathered sand,
as it enfolds the coast,
coating the earth.


Watch! the radiant sunset,
caroming on the frothing ocean,
as it washes and sanctifies me.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: My Celestial Wedding ...
Author: waydownuponjoy

Been saving all my money, honey
to buy you the moon and the stars.
Now don’t you go thinking that’s funny, honey
‘til you’ve sailed with celestial tars.

A new-age world of starship sailors
that some don’t understand,
We drift through space on winds called gale-ors
in search of celestial lands!

Some say that we are dreamers,
on a new-world odyssey -
But I just say we’ve left the schemers
in our struggle to be free!

Been saving all my money honey
to buy you the moon and the stars.
Now don’t you go thinking that’s funny honey
until you drop anchor on Mars!

I’m told that Venus was once my home,
I’ve been schooled on planet Earth  -
Now I’m asking you to marry and roam,
and share celestial re-birth.

Get power to use all your senses,
that will bring a true sense of peace.
Then join a universal consensus
of “this world’s too small for me”.

Been saving all my money honey
to buy you the moon and the stars,
Now don’t you go thinking that’s funny honey
‘til You know just who “You” are! ...


© 2008 Joy A. Burki-Watson
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: On the Train to Solitude
Author: Mr. Numi Who-

The train was named Solitude,
and it passed over moon-apocalypse waters,
carrying the meandering dimensions
from universe door to door,
weaving mist dreams through the nebulae,
leaving footbridge trails through the sunbeams
while whistling a shrill nightingale song...
 
Which is when we met, gazing
out into the void, the sorrow barrier between us
shattered by star flowers set adrift by the emptiness...
 
 
Through the rattling we kissed and married,
doves playing their lucky tunes,
distant rainbows plying the waves...
and we found Spring under the snow,
its poetry stretched across leafy parchment,
the book bound with bitter blows
and the beat of echoing wings
fading into the wintry darkness,
the crowded hills aglow with starlight...
 
You?
You were dressed in candelabras
of lace and silk and silver shadows
once charmed by weeping rivers
and carved by dusty church pews
amid the begging branches that swayed like opal fires
above the bones beneath the goldenrod,
to awaken when the compass spins again...
 
Me?
I picked the door on the left, and,
into the unshielded night, we strode,
light pouring forth from our innocent love,
the sea puppets exuding emotions
in their cobblestone parade
past the shops and ancient names
that settled upon your shoulder
and encouraged me...
 
 
And that was it,
polythene cinder reflections melted into the candle wax,
though there was nothing there;
then you rode away on your granite horse,
searching for another lonely cougar
to pick up out of the voiceless ashes
and call your own...
I waved through the window
as the train pulled away.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: utsukushii kioku,   beautiful memory
Author: C Brown

her eyes sustained the memory of him
	like the moon impalpable as mist
	always a slight yearning dangling wantonly

	knowing it must be extinguished
	but not having the strength
	to do so -

	as a girl who is no more
	so is the wind which blew yesterday

	& spring which kissed the early bud
	into its fleeting loveliness

	how swift its beauty
	how wonderful its existence

	how mesmerizing was the dream of it -
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Summer Tryst
Author: C.L. Howard

Long, like naked willow branches kissing the earth,
or the icy river weaving its way through our dales,
has been our slumber this time around.

In the hushed hues of near death we waited in frozen graves
for the subtle signs of his return; one by one we felt them;
gentle, then with increased fervor. In moistened heat we thaw.

Screaming in anticipation we burst from our chambers,
leaving the shells of our withered forms behind, hidden from his view;
no, he loves his ladies in summer dresses, yellow as the eye that watches.

Longingly we stretch, reaching, unfurling arms in brazen desire,
yearning for the affection of our lover, he who never stays.
Such is the passion of his embrace that all sins are forgiven.

With painted faces, we don our sultry silks and perfumes.
As we dance before him he will not deny us his touch;
his gentle fingers brush against our bodies.

Ours is not a fast love, burning up in a moment of passion,
but a slow simmering heat that builds to blinding bliss;
at his caress we tremble, enjoying the strength of his hands.

Day and night we dance, each moment bleeding into the next,
ecstasy beyond ecstasy, building toward our climatic release;
the field abuzz with our desires as the nature of life is fulfilled.

Our energies spent, silken yellows melt into cotton fingers.
With one voice we whisper our deepest desire, “take me!”
angelically we leap to perform our final tour en l'air.

Suddenly, with a strength and passion not yet felt,
he comes; catching us up in his arms, spinning us about,
lifting us beyond the mortal plane; tenderly, lovingly, we sigh.

The watchful eye withdraws; he knows our affair short lived;
softly we ask our lover “is it time?” He whispers, “soon my love.”
Slowly, gently, he kneels, we in his arms.

“Rest here" he coos, "till once again I return for you.”
Weakly leaning into his touch one last time, we lay upon the ground.
With saddened smile he covers our eyes with leaves, and we sleep.

We'll dream of days spent dancing, in our yellows and our greens.
as we lie in autumn’s bed, wrapped in winters blanket;
until our lover comes once more and our summer tryst is reborn.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Explanation of Orange
Author: Theresa Streshenkoff

Her hair the color of a fiery furry peach
Pearl White milky  soft tan freckled skin 
dark blackened oval round spots 
Spread woven over a white complexion 

Outside midafternoon, with lightly blowing air for a walk
Blistering hot orange sweltering piercing sunshine 
Treading by volcanic salmon colored flowers around
As she travels and travels swiftly down this coral paved road
Skipping singing songs down the warm pavement
That is across the street from a red brick house
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Something
Author: Diane Crawford

Gazing across a sunset field
and toward a stone-founded picket fence,
my mind suddenly found itself
in a long ago November vision.

Something was building, something
was going to happen, something
terrible was in the wind.

Black hats tall against the sky,
the smell of oiled saddles,
unheard prayers drowned out
by accusations, creak of wagon wheels,
the gallows tree.

Something.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Music
Author: Coffeeblack

your alarm sounds with a melody of haste
    we meet another day with an objection
    in this, we agree 
    let us snooze, and may tomorrow never come
    I want to live out all my years in this bed
   
      our evening waltz lingers close to the skin
      lips, digits, hips, and bones
      each an instrument used to cut me open
      a symphony of release in the widening of 
     one's potential
   
      I knew from the moment we met,
      you'd destroy me
      and then help me put myself back together,
      to find the beauty in the missing pieces
      and fill them with music

      ohh how you play my organ like no other,
      I lose all control in your carnal rhapsody
      devour my heart, my love
      let it settle sweetly in your belly
      may it seed you with hope 

      for we are the notes upon the page
      we are the bow against the string
      an orchestra of love

    alarm sounds, but we press snooze again,
    your head against my chest,
    let our concert begin
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: I Listen, but It Hurts - #02
Author: Gemeni

pollen drafts
upon the grass
touching bugs
and the line of forest fires
gasoline strokes
knotting the embers
burning of throat
rotting iron
pins hands
upon the wooden attire
burn in hell
forsaken for hours
and all my comrades
smirks with meaning
throw huge stones
and watch me suffer
while the gasoline
burns the firewood beneath my feet
while lighting my body
screams of agony
no succumbs
as liars they run
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Waiting For The Tide
Author: Melanie Edwards

On pale mornings 
I sometimes walk
the smugglers narrow path 
waiting for the tide to turn
as rusty anchors lie prone 
against steep banks

Spray shoots like geysers 
out of hard rocks 
seagulls fight high against the west 
beneath dark shapes
dragging empty reed baskets 
over mussel bed graves 

Deafened in the roar
I lay down shivering on riddled sand
crumbling into indifferent malestroms 
darkened by the skies heavy hand 
waiting for the waves 
endless march
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Horse Thief (A short film)
Author: Bwoz

the farmer's missus shades her eyes, 
points at dust rising down the canyon

"there, another mountain on fire
or else another horse thief on the run"

farmer leaned into his plow,
"the first stranger we see, he's it
we'll hang that one "
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Stradivarius  sound
Author: Cruise Liner

In the dusty workshop, comes a tenor’s high falsetto
 its provenance echoes
 pasta,cooked al dente coiled
spokeshaves slivers falling as they toiled 
artisans with garlic breath 
shaped and bent with loving touch
shavings mounds where sings refrains, glue to grain 
the stains of pork and olive oil
spruce and willow bore the songbirds morning chorus
rush of wind, felt the rivers quiet course
seasoned, close by lemon groves
as nature gave its precious trove
come strains, to make an angel cry
Gods within earshot breathed hot winds
as the varnish dried

I can only guess,a begging bowl! each virtuoso's needs,
when the bow caresses the strings, a pedigree,
born in past centuries
 its worth, a purse more than vanity
leading from the front, unabashed to show its class
 violin not play a note, emit a noise
would draw the crowds applause
auditorium murmurs, anticipated whispers 
gives up its prize with the batons slash
a masterpiece in wood 
floats a peerless voice that non can match
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Bonfire
Author: Chiel

Polished ripples
Water pressure contains the spread
Hi. What's your name
Nikki leans into distant money
Grow old
Stamp your feet
Barbed wire pierces my arms and back
A crown around my scalp
A ship with dark people in chains
The white Portugese
Good cruel men
Pluck those blue eyes
Shoot his face and chest

Kal-el prefers his mother
Blood drips and leaks
Ducktape instead of small talk
Bound by desire
Half circles
Give a man a name
Crawl in front of your trail
Women lick the ground
Melt
Her web keeps me warm
A hand in my face

My opinion inside
Seven wishes
Leave one of them

More than the other splash
Warm Italy
Red stone houses
Fish on the table
Peaches hanging from trees
Insects and the looming sun
Warm and slow brains
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Sunflower Sutra
Author: Allen Ginsberg

I walked on the banks of the tincan banana dock and 
sat down under the huge shade of a Southern 
Pacific locomotive to look at the sunset over the 
box house hills and cry. 
Jack Kerouac sat beside me on a busted rusty iron 
pole, companion, we thought the same thoughts 
of the soul, bleak and blue and sad-eyed, 
surrounded by the gnarled steel roots of trees of 
machinery. 
The oily water on the river mirrored the red sky, sun 
sank on top of final Frisco peaks, no fish in that 
stream, no hermit in those mounts, just ourselves 
rheumy-eyed and hungover like old bums 
on the riverbank, tired and wily. 
Look at the Sunflower, he said, there was a dead gray 
shadow against the sky, big as a man, sitting 
dry on top of a pile of ancient sawdust— 
—I rushed up enchanted—it was my first sunflower, 
memories of Blake—my visions—Harlem 
and Hells of the Eastern rivers, bridges clanking Joes 
Greasy Sandwiches, dead baby carriages, black 
treadless tires forgotten and unretreaded, the 
poem of the riverbank, condoms & pots, steel 
knives, nothing stainless, only the dank muck 
and the razor-sharp artifacts passing into the 
past— 
and the gray Sunflower poised against the sunset, 
crackly bleak and dusty with the smut and smog 
and smoke of olden locomotives in its eye— 
corolla of bleary spikes pushed down and broken like 
a battered crown, seeds fallen out of its face, 
soon-to-be-toothless mouth of sunny air, sunrays 
obliterated on its hairy head like a dried 
wire spiderweb, 
leaves stuck out like arms out of the stem, gestures 
from the sawdust root, broke pieces of plaster 
fallen out of the black twigs, a dead fly in its ear, 
Unholy battered old thing you were, my sunflower O 
my soul, I loved you then! 
The grime was no man's grime but death and human 
locomotives, 
all that dress of dust, that veil of darkened railroad 
skin, that smog of cheek, that eyelid of black 
mis'ry, that sooty hand or phallus or protuberance 
of artificial worse-than-dirt—industrial— 
modern—all that civilization spotting your 
crazy golden crown— 
and those blear thoughts of death and dusty loveless 
eyes and ends and withered roots below, in the 
home-pile of sand and sawdust, rubber dollar 
bills, skin of machinery, the guts and innards 
of the weeping coughing car, the empty lonely 
tincans with their rusty tongues alack, what 
more could I name, the smoked ashes of some 
cock cigar, the cunts of wheelbarrows and the 
milky breasts of cars, wornout asses out of chairs 
& sphincters of dynamos—all these 
entangled in your mummied roots—and you there 
standing before me in the sunset, all your glory 
in your form! 
A perfect beauty of a sunflower! a perfect excellent 
lovely sunflower existence! a sweet natural eye 
to the new hip moon, woke up alive and excited 
grasping in the sunset shadow sunrise golden 
monthly breeze! 
How many flies buzzed round you innocent of your 
grime, while you cursed the heavens of the 
railroad and your flower soul? 
Poor dead flower? when did you forget you were a 
flower? when did you look at your skin and 
decide you were an impotent dirty old locomotive? 
the ghost of a locomotive? the specter and 
shade of a once powerful mad American locomotive? 
You were never no locomotive, Sunflower, you were a 
sunflower! 
And you Locomotive, you are a locomotive, forget me 
not! 
So I grabbed up the skeleton thick sunflower and stuck 
it at my side like a scepter, 
and deliver my sermon to my soul, and Jack's soul 
too, and anyone who'll listen, 
—We're not our skin of grime, we're not our dread 
bleak dusty imageless locomotive, we're all 
beautiful golden sunflowers inside, we're blessed 
by our own seed & golden hairy naked 
accomplishment-bodies growing into mad black 
formal sunflowers in the sunset, spied on by our 
eyes under the shadow of the mad locomotive 
riverbank sunset Frisco hilly tincan evening 
sitdown vision.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Metronome of Time
Author: Myra Lochner

this is the very first day of winter
this deciphered day
in poetical metre
in the last week of the mild may
Anno Domini 
this friday filled with gray

a fierce wind blows

rattling window panes
slamming doors
shaking trees to release
the very last traces
of autumn's leaves

and shadows:

without the sun
shade is not needed

fragile shrubs and branches
dance naked 
in the pouring rain:
shivering
spring sopranos

an invisible ibis
sheds impassive icicles
of sound hardly audible
above the raging storm
a rusted staff
implicating 2 bars rest
fencing me from freezing
warming 
the hibernating turtle dove:
  
my love

myra
2002
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: We Became Soldiers
Author: Bkaraer

In the mortar of this country
In every meter of blood of the soil
When steel meets meat
Metal eagles flying in the air
Soldier's oath
In the brotherhood of arms
Behind barbed wire and barracks
In the sleeplessness of watch towers
All eating together in the caravan
In the bosom of days and nights

In the steel will of patience and resistance
Under the blue sky
Wherever the sun shines
On every leaf of the calendar
In folk songs
In the fields where flowers bloom
In the shadows of the trees
On the craggy rocks where the clouds run away with their caps
A squad in the army
In the spirit of an army
In our hearts that make flags flags
On the cinnamon lips of mothers and fathers
The soldier is not alone.

He waits from one end of the country to the other
Neither the sun nor the dust
Nor the soldier that tanks and rifles cannot kill
One day he goes home
As the sun sets on the soldier's path
He welcomes a new life.
March 22, 2018
Sinop
May 10, 1981
Denizli
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Mesa -Facade in The Cliffside-
Author: Anamnesis

Dainty—was the free falling speech,
it cadenced the canyon from in-between.  

For all the gravity had since pushed thin,
the syllables between shale-stone long lost.

As if these bronze trenches in the cliffside,
had been carefully sown tightly, then shut. 

Once here, scratching down the ancient peak.
Now tectonic fossils in this face leak dusty lies.  

Like remnants of a dry tapped well, stranded in desert.
Loose masonry—baking in the ceaseless arid-scorching sun. 

Rest upon the mesa, stand amongst this sepia garden.
Question dimly the façade of water—abandoned long ago.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Dream Ended
Author: Sydad60

A Dream Ended 
By Sy Roth

The hemlocks sang to me
A doleful song
That read the wind
Too darn smart, it knew east from west
And sometimes north from south.

The player swooshed her nimble fingers
Across the trilling branches,
Opened its mouth with omens abounding
While the fiddlers toyed with its nature
Dumbly altering this and that.

It was an opera with many arias
And barrel-chested baritones squawked
Tenors and altos tore the rafters of its building apart
Met with a crescendo of my bravos 
As I napped, opened mouthed and drooling.

A dry wind song
Bird landing gently 
Bending the notes south
And the hall becomes silent
For the dream ended

In a rush.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Claire....Still Waiting
Author: BlueButterfly

magenta skies 
rose growing vines 
the ground has cracked 
as fog covers the land 

her body begins to grey 
on a bench in France 
where the crows do not peck
as they watch her rot 

flames never burn out 
where skeletons sleep
and wax drips to the ground
as years and hours tick by 

Claire still sits 
frozen in time 
waiting on her lover to come 
since 1832 to 2022
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Untitled #9
Author: Sothisislife8

The amber threads of thrush lay softly
bedded in shadow beneath bended bough.
Whispers scatter autumn letters, needles prick gently
the wedded moments of time and growth.

I wrapped you in autumn's lovely red and silver.
I spun the needles into thread to wreath you in wooded glory.
Out of the eyes buried between the trees
serpents coiled fingers traced your subtle smile,
I found you waiting for a king standing by the fire.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Hallelujah Extravaganza
Author: Chef Tony

Restaurant workers serving Sunday brunch,
The after church crowd comes in for lunch,
Servers and cooks barely making a living,
The congregation hangry and feeling forgiven,

Their sin slates wiped, fresh and clean,
Grant's them license to be shitty and mean,
They treat us nasty, they treat us rude,
Complain about service and insult the food,

So enjoy our after church brunch buffet,
Steamed with H2O from the jail bidet,
Twenty dollars for adults, kids eat free,
Beverages spit in complimentary,

Appetizers, entrees, salads, desserts,
Feel free to stuff yourselves until it hurts,
If you can't find your favorite dish,
Our kitchen staff will make whatever you wish,

Two over easy with pubic hair hash,
Shit tips in gravy over toenail mash,
Denver omelet with Fromunda cheese,
Sausage gravy biscuits influenza sneeze,

Snot rocket on the rice pilaf,
That's why we snicker, giggle and laugh,
Cucumber butthole salad with melon,
It isn't hard boiled eggs that you're smellin,

How about a slice from our Carving Station,
Carrion braised to emaciation,
Before you fill yourself full of meat,
Hope you have room for something sweet,

Belgian waffles topped with syrup and booger,
Moldy French toast with vanilla and sugar,
Piss curd tart with chew spit glaze,
Leftover Greek week frat pledge haze,

If you feel forgiven here's a little advice,
Next time just try being nice,
Either that or stay home and learn to cook,
If you do, I'm trying to sell a brand new book.

Chef Tony
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: poker
Author: scientist

On her furlong blues,
sunset cindered,
running black beauty 
spaded truffles,
again and again
pacifying my hunger rant.

None shade was remorse,
or needle ware spectacular,
where sapphire trades
from sea-man muse,
kenneled thoroughbreds
under table and between feet.

Soon Lien origami,
folded thrice
with cue’s powder bluff,
sending blind man’s
guitar petrol
a flame to
circular intentions.

I brought sense
and cents,
left vivaciously true,
as again yet  crutched,
my folding once
was enough.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Day's End
Author: WilI

I’m April rain and sunburst July
nightmare October’s duress;
sparring ages in grey-eyed September
Tropics.

Caught monarchs of her love
as they migrated city pastures
caught pappus, cherry blossoms, primeval
winds.

Blue haze pierced hazel pupils
monstrous daylight consumes after
anemic thunderstorms, gluttonous star
eater

Inhale gusts and mild cloud’s saliva
exchange healing hatreds
topple distant forests, end doomed
days.

Assist my horrors expansion
czar valentine, comrade cupid
sickle my closing aperture
soon

Cudgel nights remorse
force all I feel to manifest
not from a page or a drink
But from me.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Dancing in moonlight
Author: Nopoints

A big bright silver moon lights up the dark night sky
Beaming its torch light across the rippling sea shore
While old oak trees dance with their shadows along city footpaths
and their golden leaves rustle along the floor
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: not goodbye, until we meet again
Author: Nuno Cardoso

The love that resides inside 
the eyeballs that weep for foreign tongues 
soon to depart back to the dark-grey 
thunder-filled cloudy Portugal sky 
a star that swims within 
the fizz of water that sparkles and falls 
on cats that bake high-noon cookies 
with their paws on California Kingsize white ovens.

it's where butterflies die 
but wedding rings breathe,
the same place where children laugh and scream,
and where grins rejoice with corn on the cob 
floating on Caldo de res alongside partisan carrots,
little Red La Soda potatoes with the skin still on, 
rice stained with broth, and love, and TexMex you.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: You and Yew in the Morning Dew
Author: Obumbrata

An echoing strike our neighbors hear,
skips the canopies and dances on roofs.
Crimson flows over callus and twisted bole,
creatures entombed, except you.
Salt gathers on the ridge,
I tremble and cool you from above.

You and Yew in the morning dew.

You rest your tool and brew the leaves,
they belong to you.
You look away from me,
the wind moans through my hollow self.
I wish not for your heart to rot,
those sulfur tongues have already licked me.

You and Yew in the morning dew.

The dampened thud cuts deeper,
the aching roots begin to speak.
Limbs buckle and snap,
burdenless at last.
Wet earth splatters and encases,
a coffin of detritus and decay.

You and Yew in the evening dew.

I am what you end,
you are too.
I am the sip of what you bring,
you are too.
Gaze down on the nearby nourishing silver pane,
we are like the echo of that first strike.

You and Yew in the evening dew.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Found you in the fields
Author: Topics

It was no coincidence that you were here,
In the creamy field of asphodels, 
As I ventured the flowery walks of peace,
Capturing my glare, my wanton stare. 
Nor did I meet you to be shame-faced, 
Nor shy, the winter of my soul was o’er,
And our union brings the summer’s zenith. 
The resounding liquids stream their courses,
Down from the snowy summits, watering
The hollows, the grottos of the nymphs.
Come, as the breeze is still yet chill,
Beneath the elm tree, beside the ivy green,
Though often the shadows flee away
From the sun’s piercing rays, and we,
Left submerged, bathing in the scorching heat.
Alas, return, the verdant umbrage of the tree, 
Protection from celestial burns, our shade,
The sun steals our privacy, our thematic love
Is left out in the open for the gods to mock. 
But our salvation is found in the latter day, 
When the thick clouds storm the heavens, 
And throw the snoozy shroud before the sun, 
That rolling caramel folds of mist embracive. 
Whence comes the lusty flock of bulls, 
Tell me, Muses, that when the warmth is bold
They greet their nuptial cows? Likewise, I, 
A ruddy youth, a country lad, found my bride
Amid the bustling crowd of livestock,
Being found mixed between a horde of maidens. 
And now that the initial blush of love is passed, 
Shame has worn out her saffron hues,
She and I can revel in the country range, 
Surrounded by honey-bearing bees buzzing
Beautifully as the neighboring hinds skip
O’er the luscious hills, strewn with daffodils.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Certain Little Seashore
Author: G910513

Alone in the bus
Lazy stop in seaside town
Step to scorching road

All around are homes
Well-worn roofs and sun-bleached walls
Not a soul in sight

Walking down the street 
Deep blue sky and scattered clouds
A seagull greets me

Wander aimlessly
Hazy day begins to set
Reddish waves reflect

Sleepy shops now close
Cicadas chirp to the dusk
Slight breeze waves the grass

Old houses moonlit
Rusted streetlights guide the way
Stars blanket night sky

Oh the girl with wings
Her ancient curse none know of
Tales of fate are told

The thousandth summer
A man enters aimlessly
Breaks the lonely cycle
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Summer in Provence
Author: Sagi Writes

diverse landscapes full of blooming summer dreams where mellow melodies flow over sunflowers and lavender fields

the sun highlights the mountains and ridges while larches and pines rustle in the chiming wind and breathe their pleasing scents

the air is filled with dunnocks and blackbirds' chants, echoing bounty among the cypress and olive groves, 

and every heart indulges in this summertime, 
where the colours and feelings blend
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Left and Right - Limericks
Author: An Innocent Bystander

LEFT
(dedicated to all bastards) 

Though your father’s addressed as Lord Minister, 
your poor mother was only a visitor. 
Conceived after a banquet,
the wrong side of the blanket,
your escutcheon bears only Bar Sinister.

RIGHT

The majority write with their right,
the minority say „but alright, 
with all sincerity,
ambidexterity
should be the right way to write“.

Finally.....

KOMBI

Rechts ist meine bessere Hand,
und links mein politischer Rand.
Es ist nicht dramatisch,
ich bin nicht fanatisch,
beidhändig ist auch allerhand.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: crocodile sun
Author: Jeff LaSalle

his breath fills a limp pillowcase
from warm puffy slippers 
to the bright shadow of her face

she tucks white roses into a cracked skull
before his tuxedo can rest inside the mud
thick pockets spill aged rum and cufflinks 
doughy eyes turn towards a crocodile sun
she licks up each speck of powdered bone
while sunsets melt onto her foamy tongue

his lungs pop above yellow skies
from meager sandy depths 
to the dreamy center of her eyes
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Green willow branch touched branch there leaf kissed leaf
Author: Amoureax Amant

By: Amoureax Amant

Green willow branch touched branch there leaf kissed leaf,

swinging body to body fain and lief,

above where there stood birds singing for spring,

aside there stood peach blossom tree blooming.

Pink peach blossom filled branch in full blossom,

dressing in rosy dress in spring ballroom,

with scent of love between the green and pink,

and blushing color drawn by beloved ink.

Spring breeze moved willow hair toward peach hair,

breaching out love song for lovers to hear,

in blossom scent where there laid no sorrow,

on willow bough where there laid an arrow.

I admired the willow and peach dancing,

in spring ballroom where there blossom blushing.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The frowning rain
Author: gaiaandpoetry

The chalky mother and inky father intertwined from above look down
Those clouds being pulled by the one horse chariot
Hovering heads like city skylines and towers, but no stars about
The children of Gaia's earth play in street, curvet past the puddles splashing to make way!
They all caper and twirl so lively the sun went dizzy and he turned away
The raindrops got cross-eyed too then fell to the ground
All tongue's stretching to the rainfall, vibrant raincoats side by side
The little ones grin, others grizzling to say they won't play
Since the red-faced drops had failed the summer day
Sulky golden child of the blaring star did not shine
Sooty clouds frown to gaze at the soaked and dim places
The old man slouching from a grueling day, he saunters sedate more so than the slugs
Droplets avalanche towards his hoary hair
The wrinkles lined on his face smoothed with the water like silk
The fledglings shriek rattle for everyone to play
And so they breathed the air and went about smiling
Brighter than sirius and so he was jealous, the rain being overzealous
The kids still raved unafraid.
Our clouds downpour was now a mere mizzle, she did not threaten the living
Yet wanted them to dance so the animated sun fades, giving the people asylum for the dreary day!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Timeline Loops in Runaway Dreams
Author: Randall S.

Stood against some dark shifters
blew a kiss into the wind,
here's the hill I die on
let the storm begin
 
Now...
I'm crippled,  
under tattered umbrellas
aboard the Mermaid Lounge,
gazing at Twilight's intel
with scarred skin worn thin
covering a gnarl of knuckles
 
Yet, adventure still breathes
rife, in a young man's whisper,
as scavenger gulls draw my nose
to something more than
swirling trash in stagnant seas
tinged with kelp
 
Here, a brew ~ of silk and salts,
potions and perfumes
passing through calm harbors
under Maritime Law
 
Led by merchants
on split-sail schooners,
wielding a saber of light
sharp enough to cut a shadow,
piercing the fear 
that binds us to death
 
As I look across a layer of horizons
and strange patchwork airships
floating in an array of silent pinstripes
and sorted pinwheels,
like ghosts in the machines
 
Until the sound of clockwork angels
pivot on brass springs,
wound by gears and whistles,
begin to chime,
announcing a chorus of evening shades
 
In an instant, I'm drawn
to the cobblestone streets 
of Cannery Row in dingy pastels,
full of colored dream machines
and aromatic flavors
wafting from tall spires
 
Where steampunk pirates
are but gunslingers
amongst grifters and sneakys',
faster than wannabe magicians
 
While lit orbs hover above
a stagger of decadent banquet tables,
surrounded by elites 
and stuffed peacocks,
trying to dissect the truth
through a clear gelatin deer
 
And no one is the wiser
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Let Love 'live'
Author: Bad Jonny

Let love live
Yet let love die
We yearn to give
Yet learn to lie

Always blame it
On some other guy
Let love drip acid
From the sky

Between God and the Devil?
I’d say it’s a tie
A CEO mongrel
Wearing a tie

Some dumb uni student
Wearing tie dye
It’s not about
The things you can buy

It’s not about
Girls learning to cry
Getting’ strapp’d to
Old Sparky to fry

Even Jesus looked up
And asked our God ‘’Why?’’
Let out his last breath
With a wistful sad sigh

Let love live ..
Yet let love die
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: mamas kitchen
Author: Mazzmouth

mama ain't stitchin
in her kitchen
she's baking loaves
of bread
and cream cakes
instead
mama shakes the 
flour and butter spread
mixes kneeds
a recipe flawless 
Sat In her head
the pots they go clang
the metal spoons 
as they bang 
mama sings to the 
mood that is felt
mama hopes 
her dough rises 
and doesn't melt 
outside the hale 
on full pelt 
inside billowing flavours
can be smelt 
mamas oven is on 
burning the fire is ripe
mama wipes her forehead
a cloth with one stripe
the children are screaming
as the door is swung wide
mama shows them wooden
spoon and says 
" taste the cake is baking
in oven with pride
mamas kitchen 
is her workstation
not a crotchet or crichety 
too much 
mama is a perfectionist
as such !
------------------------------------------------------------

