Title: ••• Dead Man's Dice •••
Author: Repercussionist
Avast there ye scurvy seadogs
roll the bones and face your fate
I tell a tale of dirks and doubloons
of buccaneers who board
so beware the fearsome Jolly Roger
of privateers and pirates
or they'll plunder your hoard

when writing 'Treasure Island', of officers and mutineers,
Robert Louis Stevenson could not have been afeared
or pulling Long John Silver's leg, keelhaul me if I'm wrong,
as Silver'd not have had a leg to stand upon

ahoy there me salty shipmates
splice the mainbrace
or walk the plank
I speak words of grog and cannon
of cutlass and corsair
but beware the scary skull and crossbones
when caught red-handed
pull a pistol if you dare

as way back when in 1883,
perhaps his powder was damp,
when Stevenson wrote – and I quote
'He had still a foot in either camp',
or was it black (spot) humour to write of Long John so,
and putting my best foot forward,
what's afoot I dearly need to know

keep a lookout my motley matelots
dice with death or be marooned
there's buried troves o' treasure chests of booty
and ill-gotten gains
but beware the dreaded Captain Swashbuckle
for he shows no mercy and he'll clap you in chains
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Love's Secret
Author: William Blake
Never seek to tell thy love,  
Love that never told can be;
For the gentle wind does move
Silently, invisibly.

I told my love, I told my love,
I told her all my heart;
Trembling, cold, in ghastly fears,
Ah! she did depart!

Soon as she was gone from me,
A traveller came by,
Silently, invisibly 
He took her with a sigh.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: [ Can I Help You  ]
Author: Trinipen
Can I Help You

he sauntered through the park 
satisfaction on one wing 
he flexed his muscles 
rocked and rolled 
his eyes piercing the dark
his leather jacket 
blaring like a trumpet
grating like a tractor 

it was the mosaic he saw
that made him jump 
she was at its center
dancing to the beat
a security officer 
making her final round
blisters below her feet
raising him off the ground 

new friendship at stake
they drank they ate
introduced himself as Crate
bubbly and bouncy like a balloon 
he tried to evaporate 
keep a low profile
feeling like a man on top of the moon
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Secret love notes
Author: Red wine
Sweet, sweet Juliet,
you ricochet off the star bound walls,
your smile lifting me
when I’m falling down.

Sweet, sweet Romeo,
do you question the way
the earth spins,
yielding powers of orbit,
marked on stone dressers 
by those sweet lips.

Oh Juliet,
how you diverge 
the spreading seas,
how I wait invisible,
altering twisting roads 
to narrow,
searching the ships of wreckage.

Oh Romeo,
how you dazzle
in the sweetest setting flower,
petals setting ship 
across the bunker.

Juliet,
how I whisper I love youse 
in the wind,
through hills and over valleys.

Romeo,
how my ear is always open 
to the skies,
waiting for you to reach me,
how your breath 
makes me drop tears,
like thrashing storms
keeping me safe from oblivion.

Romeo, Juliet,
together in the secret gardens 
we roam,
until freedom 
grants our souls
the substance of eternal love.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Asteroid
Author: iKael
take away 
my bills...
light up the mid-
night sky > o'er the
hills...

infiltrate the gate
rattle the bone
a fiery tail, trail
the molten stone

come and make fool
of the schooler
Ivy League drooler 
next in line, ruler
children of the devil
the cruel and the 
crueler.

with fervent heat
melt away the sin, 
complete.
burn it all, void.
and end this, 
end it all.

end
the
world.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: [ try and the hand shakes   ]
Author: Catherine M.4
try and the hand shakes 
one fuzzy brain
the bus is a blur
pedal toward yellow
streamers behind thin lines 
pace unchanged
no break
handlebar bouncing

im a crooked cello
always been played
the walls echoing
push the words up,
im trying
throat soaked as i wake
raw and raked

window of honesty
fills the gaps late
even with this voice i hate
when the dawn is west
timer ready set
this morning i can take
get out of bed
you rise and tell the rest
for goodness sake
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Panorama
Author: R Vol Lindsey
Chaos lingers in our garden...  
rocks in slopes of bare earth,
uninvited seedlings of that hardhearted 
Locust. On the fringe, an encroachment 
of idiot Honeysuckle reaches devious 
tendrils in every direction through the 
proliferation of weeds.

A White Oak on the edge once kissed 
the lightening and bears long scars down 
one side, a testimony to wanton passion.

I planted a willow by the pond ten years ago;
it cried its last tear in that late frost last spring,
a karma of hubris. 

The almost hollow Cherry drops fruit in 
the dust and pulses slow gobbets of sap from 
the edges of its wounds.

The Roses have littered dry petals at their roots,
the Irises came and went, and the Lilies are thin 
this year.

We spend evenings out there in white lawn chairs
sipping bourbon and whisper amidst a cacophony 
of lusty frogs croaking frantic desire.

The thing that haunts me, though, 
is the Scarlet Tanager, red as Eve’s 
apple, that came down from the canopy 
one day to feast at an overgrown thicket 
of Blackberries to punctuate our futility.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: House Deer
Author: Leon Falkenhorst
I billow on four stick legs blown slightly away
from my forest, to another where things will stay
petrified in mucous: dead grass, solid fogs 
with lightning trickles and flickers; flat logs
crammed, with some a mossy patch of lawn
that can peel off thick fungus to sleep on;
hanging sunlight bubbles, upright water puddles,
and paws of bear-like turtles fluttering for cuddles.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: She Is My Spring
Author: Just Mike
"I wanted pomegranates—
I wanted darkness,
I wanted him."
-Persephone



Spring's first rains empty me and so, I wait.
Crops will grow while she is gone,
but my winter encloses me, and I must 
sit in puckered soot once more.

After the grounds open and I can swallow her again,
her heels click lighter across our darkened soil -
every year, this is more her home than mine.
Still a bittersweet cold sweeps through my lungs;
she will leave upon the sepals of a larkspur,
my fingers forced to unclasp from her seams
and guide her hand back to lilac plains.

While I have her, soft smiles
endure along the bones in my cheeks,
watching her shadowed lines devour
cyclopean blocks of my kingdom.
The rails of my tower are hers to hold,
overlooking smouldering skies
I've molded just for her.

She grants me a place behind her, and I
wring the minutes dry to cloak her in my shade;
my fingers find a valley along her knuckles,
my palm is a vice clamped upon her waist,
my eyes glide through the hills of her shoulder,
the prairies of her neck, the eddies in her hair.

She'll sigh a breath of lilies and my
frozen skin blushes like cattails cajoled to burst.
The voice she carries lingers gently like
dandelions twirled through fields of wheat.
As everything frosts on my coldest months,
her marshes bring the high plains.

If she gave me the walls
that press on her chest and
hide her from the sun,
I'd break them apart and
teach her how to walk in the dark.

If she would plant a pomegranate,
I'll forget the world and cultivate it.
I'll raise it from the shells of earth
with the waters of deadened rivers
and fold the seeds within my blackened wings.

When the roots of the trees
burst through my feathers,
she can climb above the branches
and touch our Spring.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Bermuda Vistas
Author: DocFrank
kingfishers morning chipping echoes over the cliffs
college kids on spring break cavorting on nearby beach
little kids can be seen playing in yards, playgrounds
warm breezes blow, neighborhood barbecuing parties held

temperatures rise, rose bushes burst into multi-colors
oak leaves turn from dark brown to auburn, yellow
all seen on a bermuda vista town bluff overlooking sea...

with it's aqua-blue ocean and white tipped waves
tidal swells lashing granite stone breakers,...
etching deserted beach's sandy landscape below
sea is roiled, this breezy april day on bermuda cliffs

above foxes scurry around in nearby pine forest
rabbits leave their nests, nibble on dandelions
friendly ice cream truck visits neighborhood kids
hawks circle, looking for an inviting meal

in the garden, lady bugs dance with grasshoppers,
butterflies chase fireflies between red and white mums,
a caterpillar crawls over fallen lilly leaves next to red ants
baby toads are jumping on rocks, under a lilac bush

the gold sun casts a bright crimson sky above the water
then dropping below gathering charcoal cumulus clouds
freighter can be seen afar, with curling black smoke

east of the freighter, is an island seen through rising mist
our white forty foot sailboat glides through the swells...
heading toward that coral island, framed by the sun
the breeze picks up and wave swells grow stronger

few venues are more relaxing than the bermuda sea
as the boat nears the tree lined deserted coral island
a flock of flying sea gulls search for 'balling' anchovies
dolphins surface aft, appearing to race with the boat

bermuda is relaxing for both the body and spirit -
soothing colors and shifting actions of the ocean,
culminating in the crimson sunset's golden goodight.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Ballad of Holy Cross
Author: Commander Crump
Jake McGee was a trapper,a gold prospector too,who lived in the septentrion lands,beyond the Innokoo.Now Jake had wrestled grizzly bears,he’d swum the Bering Sea,and several men lay in the ground,who’d once crossed Jake McGeeFolk said he was a scapegrace,wayward from his birth.And they said ‘Mad Jake’ could not be tamed,by any power on Earth.But in Holy Cross lived Sarah Kerr,who ran the general store,and she had set her cap for Jake,when he’d been in town before.For three years she had courted him,though he thought he’d courted her,and slowly Mad Jake changed his ways,softened by Sarah Kerr.On bended knee Jake had proposed,all part of Sarah’s plan,and the citizens of Holy Cross said,'she’s captured her wild man’.But she said, 'Jake, you must promise me,as part of our marriage vow,you'll keep the free spirit God gave you,and to none will you kowtow'.A date was set for the wedding,and word went far and wide.All the folk on the Yukon Riverwould come to toast the bride.Now Jake had planned his journey,travelling by canoehe’d paddle down to the Yukon,following the Innokoo.But winter hadn’t lost its grip,the ice on the river was thick,that didn't make any difference to Jake,who’d get there just as quick.The antenuptual journeycould never thwart Jake McGee‘cause unlike many backwoodsmen,Jake had learned to ski.In his fur lined boots, his Yukon hat,and his cosy mackinaw*Jake skied down the frozen Innokoo,though it had started to thaw.The river began to broaden at last,into the Yukon wide.His future wife, and his future life,lay on the other side.The Yukon’s floes were groaning,and the ice was beginning to crackJake knew he’d have to move fast,with no chance of getting back.A less valiant man, or less foolish,would have stayed on the Eastern side,but Jake had a surfeit of surquedry,and an overweening pride.So he essayed to cross the Yukon,in spite of the terrible riskHe was mindful that ice was colliquable,but relied on being brisk.In Holy Cross on the western shore,Sarah waited for her man.And she saw the distant figure,leaving the eastern strand..She knew that Jake was big and strong,truly a man among men,but she fancied that he needed help,to reach Holy Cross again.Sarah started out on the grinding ice,to traverse the frozen tide.Driven by her adamantine love,to cross the Yukon wide.But as she battled onwards,against the gelid frost,she slipped and missed her footing.In that moment she was lost.As Jake came near to the eastern shorehis heart began to bleedFor he saw his sweetheart, Sarah Kerr,lying in an open lead.He leapt in the icy water,thinking his love to save,but it was his fate to join her,in that watery grave.In time the folk of Holy Cross,found their corporeal remainsthough the wedding became a funeral,they were together again.On a stone above their simple grave,was carved their marriage vow.'We kept the free spirits God gave us,and to none will we kowtow'.

------------------------------------------------------------

Title: migratory birds
Author: tahtipolya
scissor-tailed flycatcher
with its crossed wings
come to breed
in the spring

the summer heat
like the plumage
of one so loudly heard
red-winged black bird

plummeting like leaves
sharp-shinned hawk
swoops and dives
beneath cloudy skies 

the winter cold
leaves me alone
until you go
dark-eyed junco
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Poseidon
Author: Blll
red coral's glory 
anemones and clownfish stories
phosphorescent jellies
poisonous and  painful 
hypnotically beautiful
freeform fantastical
mortals lust to graze this paradise

ancient sharks shivers
streaming in  the deepest trench
ancestral teeth ornament
black smoke geysers where all life begins

I am the gale
Anemoi steal mists out of my reserves
my vengeance  is cyclonic

hurricanes scavenging

bones of men
ocean wreckage
gold treasure beneath the sea
tsunami  tongues stretch
claiming flesh and farm
for my children's delight


give me a horse
and a conch full of nectar
catch me a fish
bear me tribute
or bear the brunt of my worst fury
I am the deepest depth
barometric mediator
the blue builder  of watery empire

death defines
who dare defy respect
for me the sea

I am the trident bearer 
I am Poseidon
keep your covenant with me.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Crunch
Author: Charles Bukowski
too much 
too little 

too fat
too thin
or nobody. 

laughter or
tears 

haters
lovers 

strangers with faces like
the backs of
thumb tacks 

armies running through
streets of blood
waving winebottles
bayoneting and fucking
virgins. 

or an old guy in a cheap room
with a photograph of M. Monroe. 

there is a loneliness in this world so great
that you can see it in the slow movement of
the hands of a clock.

people so tired
mutilated
either by love or no love. 

people just are not good to each other
one on one. 

the rich are not good to the rich
the poor are not good to the poor. 

we are afraid. 

our educational system tells us
that we can all be
big-ass winners.

it hasn't told us
about the gutters
or the suicides. 

or the terror of one person
aching in one place
alone 

untouched
unspoken to 

watering a plant. 

people are not good to each other.
people are not good to each other.
people are not good to each other. 

I suppose they never will be.
I don't ask them to be. 

but sometimes I think about
it. 

the beads will swing
the clouds will cloud
and the killer will behead the child
like taking a bite out of an ice cream cone. 

too much
too little 

too fat
too thin
or nobody 

more haters than lovers. 

people are not good to each other.
perhaps if they were
our deaths would not be so sad. 

meanwhile I look at young girls
stems
flowers of chance. 

there must be a way. 

surely there must be a way we have not yet
thought of. 

who put this brain inside of me? 

it cries
it demands
it says that there is a chance. 

it will not say
"no."
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Yes, I was in class with Emily Berry
Author: Paint it bright
It was no big deal.
She had the part of the North Star,
the rest of us played the mist.
Five of us in a cupboard, the leafy shadows
from the courtyard making a mess of the floor. 

Maurice Riordan meandered through Heaney, through Virgil,
walking us on past the gates of death:
What will be bequeathed?
Who will be bequeathed to?

I stood above the precipice of an empty page
while Emily, at my elbow, sent her birds out scattering
to play like children in a snowdrift,
the industrious fox snouts 
of her thoughts, upturning leaf 
or moss or woodlouse,
while I contemplated Maurice Riordan's eyebrows.

And before catching the long train home
from New Gate, me and my stomach-ache 
sought solace in the sanctity 
of Morrison's café, in sweet tea; 
which is where, once, in my sorrow,
I was consoled by a shade:
"As things approach a perfect state
To keener joy or suffering they are stirred."
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Diamond Dust
Author: Nigh Quill
Glacial crystal dragons
algid pleura incineration 
liquid nitrogen flagons
epidermis tint carnation

Gelid scale lustre
Parhelic sky diamond
crystalline phoenix cluster
galvanic echo heightened

Snow mist dusting
extremity function icebound
ice needle thrusting
golden halo crowned
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Not about a Tree
Author: Mlewy
This is not another poem
about a tree and its beauty,
Though no one would deny you captivate
Two-thirds of your branches stretch westward,
You reach and reach and reach,
as if attempting to shake hands with the setting sun
I imagine your asymmetry, created long ago,
some crabby branch-trimming neighbor, 
not wanting you to extend over the fence
into “his” yard

But it’s your yard,
that’s plain to see,
You’ve been here
long before the house, (my home)
You rise,
2 to 3 stories above the house,
like a fairy tale Bonsai in a story about giants
I can only reach halfway around 
if I attempt to hug your craggy trunk
risking a hitchhiking ant on my shoulder

I was born of fire and water,
small lunged and incubated,
in the same year the house was built,
But 350 miles away,
I knew nothing of you
as you bore witness to this house
its inhabitants over the years,
their BBQ’s, ball playing, and hammocks
strung between you and the Maple
The house rose too, its frame the very elements
of your comrades
You stood guard and watched
and watched and watched

You were born of earth and air,
deep roots mingling and telling secrets
to the large maple you share canopy with
Your highest branches housing both a squirrels nest 
and a playground for their antics

You are both rooted and moveable,
subject to nature’s whims and fluctuations
A circle of Hostas bow in reverence at your feet
We built a deck under your canopy
just to enjoy your shade
Stretching my yoga mat out on the deck,
I rest my palms face up in my lap
the veins on my wrist
an echo of your leaf pattern
They tell a story too,
I close my eyes
and imagine the history
of the very space I now sit
Your leaves rustle gently in the wind,
riding the soft breeze
And just like the squirrels and sparrows,
I am seen
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Heron’s Cry
Author: Melanie Edwards
1 
The harsh cry of the night heron 
echoes on a silver breeze
slender legs root 
amongst the spindly stems
of basking yellow lilies 
spreading petals and plumes of feathers
over still waters 

Deep in a webbed thicket
hidden from the moons beam
a stout nightingale opens her trim beak
and a gods chorus 
floats out from the darkest stage

2
The flowing leathery hands 
of a bruised disheveled rebel 
captures sunflowers that hold 
the breath of the stars

A wealthy man wraps 
himself in barbed wire 
and tempts the courtiers 
with their silver shadows gleaming 
to bow to his crown
his gilded framed trophies 
hanging gagged and bound
from golden gallery walls 

3
Silver glasses glint in the green 
glow of a bankers lamp 
sitting on a smooth oak table 
silk hushes the room 
as elbows slide 
soft ivory fingers curl 
around the cold stem 
of a golden fountain pen 
blue blood ink sinks 
into crisp white sheets
and a pellet drops into the gas chamber 
sealed with a red eagles kiss

4
A flower grows out of the mud they say 

Is beauty in the eye of the beholder ?

The rain pours
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Christmas in the woodlands*
Author: Del Ray
The spruce is green on snowy sheen,
a portrait of nature never seen.
It's Christmas in the woodlands,
where all of the creatures roam.
No tracks are laid by wheels or blade,
while reindeer prance across the glade;
the conservation tract was made
to keep the herd safe at home.

The vista’s always open,
the wolves will howl outside,
and frosty’s just a word we use 
without a fur coat hide.
The candles burn, the fire will churn.
Sit by the hearth, we’ll stare in turn.
It’s Christmas in the woodlands,
where all of the creatures roam.

Red cardinals deck the cedar trees,
while mourning doves perch near,
and chickadees will call sweeties,
to come one all and hear.
There’re gifts to view, outdoors with you,
we’ll bundle up and say adieu.
It’s Christmas in the woodlands,
where all of the creatures roam.

Let’s take the snowshoes off the shelf,
and head towards the lea,
with rabbit tracks and lynx paw packs,
and plenty of sights to see.
How grand to comb the fluffy foam,
as snow soon hides the Santa gnome.
It’s Christmas in the woodlands,
where all of the creatures roam.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: winters kiss
Author: Mazzmouth
fine eggshell snow

covered is snowman
from head to toe
the ravines are frozen
the lillypond where 
frogs leapt 
subzero
inept
the trees they rustle
no more 
the leaves do beg
to melt and thaw
its silent pleas
to ignore

everything so raw
the hills once alive
with squirrel and hare
frozen statues 
under its glare
the snowstorms
delight the polar
bear 
stalagtites form 
on window pane
where is the crystalline
rain
the roads and the paths
become ice rinks
black ice 
snow particles settling
therein
treacherous conditions
a journey about to begin
the grevious winds
throw a gust of snowstorms
in wait
rooftops
sugar coated
emancipate
the doey eyed deer foriages
berries in the 
benevolent forest
Once a trail of delight
foliage is frost bitten
by stalagmite
winters kiss 
impede  in immeasurable
seize
natural 
almost everything feels
it's pinch  clinch and its squeeze
the natural phenomenon
is but widespread
children drinking hot chocolate
just to stay ahead
winters kiss is startling
progression unstoppable
harshly it's grip
fashioned is its whip !
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The opening lines of The Modern Lady's Dressing Room
Author: RichardCraven
Two days’ and nights’ relentless screaming,
Her piercing voice, her constant scheming;
The diva from their bedroom issues,
In search of wet wipe toilet tissues.
Johnny to vodka bottle glued,
Is now with foul portent imbued.
His senses reel in disarray
From devil’s dandruff berm on tray.
His bloodshot orbs take in the mess
She made in her contrived distress, 10
Whereof to aid the Reader’s gist,
There follows now a partial list.
First is the smashed up China plate,
The frisbee she aimed at his pate;
Now trampled into grit pyrites,
Ground Dresden with IKEA unites,
Baroque with hipster equal made
By the stilettos of the jade.
Ask not of Plato what there is.
Of foodstuffs smeared on surfaces:20
The curdled oat milk dallies here
In sticky pond of Belgian beer,
Mixed with the vegan canine cuts
For her hair-trigger yap dog mutts,
Kale bonbon, flavoured as black rat
To satiate her high-strung cat,
Floats in a greasy oozing sea
Of vinaigrette and sesame.
From bottles slither at their ease
Fluids published as Japanese:30
The ginger soy which ere annointed
That puffa fish which disappointed.
Great bulbs of garlic, squashed, congeal
Slain by the lance of Amber’s heel.
Hard by the suppurating quince
Not wiped away this six month since,
Stale marmalades and rancid jams
Miscegenate with rotting clams.
Behold the double Belfast sink
Whence emanates that foetid stink40
Of mouldy pans in oily slick
Anointed with something like sick.
Here bluebottles obscenely buzz
Over the penicillin fuzz.
One thinks to see a crocodile
Twixt pot and ladle glide with guile,
Negotiate the arachnids,
And nose beneath the unscrewed lids.
Next on Depp's aching eyes impose,
And eke assail his tender nose, 50
Pandora’s Box, laystall of sin:
The contents of the pedal bin.
Here feast the rav’nous hordes of flies
On nameless skidmark as it dries.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Stay in your lane
Author: Lea Way
Rafters scoop into the sky above the windows
like a hat with a too-wide brim
my eyes stare up from a wearer's angle
and scan the underside
artificial white-grey or grey-white
plastic metallic ridges splattered with green
moss spreads like a polka dot disease, an emerald pox
lime and yellow tinged and almost glowing in the cold morning light
across the gaunt dull slope.

In the distance, past the treetops,
there are cranes and gantries forming right angles
with horizontal clouds, a row of soft, chalk-white, wisps 
hover in pairs across the sky 
as if to warn the birds of continuous white lines on a road ahead
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Detroit bodega flowers...A road once cobbled....
Author: Eugene Nell
Detroit Bodega Flowers...A Road, Once Cobbled…

They seated us in the middle of the restaurant
a rectangular table with rounded chairs..
That acrid industrial breeze blowing off the Detroit river
through the open air roof above

That white angora sweater hung from her shoulders

All those soft, furry memories
a sub psyche tribute to the pet rabbits of her youth


There’s more to her than this…

The arm over arm steering wheel turn she made off of Jefferson
onto Woodward or as the elder locals call it
the M-1

Twenty-one and a half miles…From Detroit to Pontiac.
On a road, once cobbled.


There’s more to this city than this….

Just as lightning precedes thunder…laughter follows the words spilling out from under our noses tonight.

Forks and knives on folded napkins…Pointed toward one another.

There’s more to the evening than this….

Then five wheels start to turn
One wheel in her hands.
The other four underneath her Jeep.

Buildings zoom by in our periphery…
“We were getting our share” pours in a low din from her car speakers..

My hand outstreched catching the tail wind
This road, now widening and almost straight…
Bob Seger, our sonic chaperone…


There’s more to me than this……….

That dry cleaner on Gratiot Ave…
For my starched bone white button up…
A collar still yellow from those few shallow business victories and numerous missed quotas.

Together, we walk inside.
Citrus and sandalwood under my nose.
That distressed white wood floor under our feet…
And on her coffee table, a bouquet from downtown, labeled:

'Please provide ample light….
Dissolved aspirin in water
The petals are prone to wilt.'

Gotta feed those stems slowly.
She knows why…

There’s more to her than this……

I couldn’t keep my head above any longer…
Her bed pillows, plush squares in the hew of colonial cream.
That same color, from the GM color wheel for the 57' Chevy Bel Air….

Detroit’s in her blood…
And she’s perched up there, cradled in between her sheets and my palms.

I can't stop…
She knows why…

The push-pull-smack of skin and bone…
Braided legs, arms, and thoughts vying for position

“Don’t say it...”
He knows better…and she knows why
This could all die on the vine tonight….

Another aspirin and water, please….
That 3am has dried out the flowers and our brains 
The time is 730am and ours begin to squint

That quarter moon canopy we drove under last night has evaporated
Those flashlight sun rays are leaking between the bedroom blinds.

We make a right back onto Woodward….
Aretha’s vibrato in our ears, and last night in our back pockets…
Our words, while sweet-intentioned, come slow this early in the morning.

This road, now wide and straight…
Paved over, and no longer cobbled…

Nothing is as it was..

There’s more to this city than us…

Now we all know why…
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: river styx
Author: amirali
she lay him on the river styx
basked in silky cloth
'round his hamper the waters swell
his angel smile wards off

fostered by the weeping moon
she lets her darling go
across shore waits the ferryman
that way the basket flows

she howls at the hooded fiend
as the angel boy draws near
silver coins veil his eyes 
he sheds uncertain tears

the demon's cloak consumes the child
now a small bewildered ghost
the moon laments the shadow craft
drawn down the dreary coast
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: cea
Author: Soll
summer coast lying in the shore ness 
amid all the garments sun drying 
there are wet stains 
blood running all over 
rushed gushing water
yet no soda or peroxide can save them
the loins, linen or cotton are doomed
autumn rays lie in the sea secrets
in the shrine of dreams 
the paradise drown all the oceans and skies
only love survives
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Womb, Soul, Desire
Author: Captain Cur
Rocked in a manger of stars
sung blue nebula lullabies 
cradled by plasmid ore
molten down
and fitted to golden-hilted brand;
cooled in fountains of the dark estate,
slung on the shoulder of robin song,
drawn by butterfly breath
emerging womb
screams
in liquified prescience,
garnering scent of holm-oak,
bathed in bruised flesh
of currant and gooseberry
shimmering,
weilding unsheathed
observance.

White garbed
purfumed puffs
of purloined dandelion
skiffs
off cherub cheek
in raw
elemental awakening.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Rock
Author: Patrick J Fealy
The gates of Zion swinging wide
The curtain downward rent
From top to bottom from above
The judgment had been sent
The din of drumming martial noise
the jarring trumpet's blare
No savior had well suited them
Those pomps led to despair
The temple had been set to flame
as from the roof was seen
the high priest from the holy place
the bearer of the dream
He threw his keys toward heaven
where from a cloud was shown
the hand of God that took them back
His wrath would soon be known
Down from the Shekinah
came judgment so complete
revoking all  authority
from on the Moses seat
The Seat, The Chair, Cathedra rare
The rule was made refined
Christ gave the keys to Peter
a new rock from the divine
To bind and loose for man to know
the light of Christ the king
The gates of hell will not prevail
before high heaven sings
So Triumph all ye Cherubim;
Sing Seraphims of love
Heaven and earth resound thy hymn
Salve, Salve, Salve, Regína
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Let Me Teach You How To Paint a Forest
Author: Syeda Ayesha 27
For the background, 
apply smooth strokes of Viridian, 
Vandyke Brown, Burnt Sienna, Raw Sienna. 

Vertically blend the applied colours, 
Fill in the spaces with Green Mid and Yellow Ochre

Now, paint the vessels of Earth's lung
Strong and gracile, 
Dark and tall
With Vandyke Brown and a bit of Black;
Adorn the vessels with thick Viridian leaves;
And add some Lime Yellow, Orange Yellow and Yellow Ochre 
To illustrate specks of sunlight. 
Finally, mellow the background with water.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Paint me a picture of a small townhouse with a bad drainage system and withered grass
Author: Whym
i. I asked so many times, I was a beggar downtown.Just fifty dollars to my name, and a spirit with crowns. So, I rode a bus on the night before my birthday to an apartment.Three hundred dollars to pocket. No clue of my stay.Double my age, kitchen counters like clay. We moved from tiles, to carpet, then beds.I was held up at my chest, no clothes, nor rest.Sinking in brushes that frayed at their heads. But the rest… ii. —The rest, the rest, all the rest. The rest was seen in a studio apartment— at best.No windows, just doors and strange ornaments.Nitrite lungs and three hours of sleep, say less. I suppose I died that night, my corpse is still there.A drink in its hand and ten fingers on stairs,Winding like willows at a townhouse with crests. “Just paint me a picture atop my bedhead” , I said. iii. But the drains showed no mercy, for they coughed out rain,Granting a mosaic, missing tiles, missing land.Stains on the grass married withering plants. Three hundred dollars to pocket,Sunbathe in lust, and towns, all of it.Paintings in plight, we see none of it. And just one broken vase. —One broken vase.

------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Southern Icarus
Author: Michael R. Burch
Southern Icarus
by Michael R. Burch

Windborne, lover of heights,
unspooled from the truck’s wildly lurching embrace
you climb, skittish kite...

What do you know of the world’s despair,
gliding in vast solitariness there
so that all that remains is to

fall?

Only a little longer the wind invests its sighs;
you 

stall

spread-eagled as the canvas snaps

and flaps its white rebellious wings,
and all
the houses watch with baffled eyes.

Originally published by Poetry Porch. Keywords/Tags: Icarus, flight, flying, adventure, America, angel, courage, sun, hang-gliding, kite, glider, wind, canvas, South, southern, truck, unspooled



Note: The following poem unites Icarus with Tom O'Bedlam in a final, magical quest ...

Finally to Burn
(the Fall and Resurrection of Icarus)
by Michael R. Burch

I.
Athena takes me
sometimes by the hand

and we go levitating
through strange Dreamlands

where Apollo sleeps
in his dark forgetting

and Passion seems
like a wise bloodletting

and all I remember
—upon awaking—

is: to Love sometimes
is like forsaking

one’s Being—to glide
heroically beyond thought,

forsaking the here
for the There and the Not.

II.
O, finally to Burn,
gravity beyond escaping! 

To plummet is Bliss
when the blisters breaking

rain down red scabs
on the earth’s mudpuddle...

Feathers and wax
and the watchers huddle...

Flocculent sheep,
O, and innocent lambs!

I will rock me to sleep
on the waves’ iambs.

III.
To Sleep, that is Bliss
in Love’s recursive Dream,

for the Night has Wings
pallid as moonbeams—

they will flit me to Life,
like a huge-eyed Phoenix

fluttering off
to quarry the Sphinx.

IV.
Riddlemethis,
riddlemethat,

Rynosseross,
throw out the Welcome Mat.

Quixotic, I seek Love
amid the tarnished

rusted-out steel
when to live is varnish.

To Dream—that’s the thing!
Aye, that Genie I’ll rub,

soak by the candle,
aflame in the tub.

V.
Riddlemethis,
riddlemethat,

Rynosseross,
throw out the Welcome Mat.

Somewhither, somewhither
aglitter and strange,

we must moult off all knowledge
or perish caged.

VI.
I am reconciled to Life
somewhere beyond thought—

I’ll Live in the There,
I’ll Dream of the Naught.

Methinks it no journey;
to tarry’s a waste,

so fatten the oxen;
make a nice baste.

I’m coming, Fool Tom,
we have Somewhere to Go,

though we injure noone,
ourselves wildaglow.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: On the silver back of midnight
Author: Graeme Anderson
We sit on the silver back of midnight
a haze in from the Aleutians
where God left a twist
of scale and immensity
with the moon hanging surely
above the creaking dock
timbers dry and seasoned
we cast lines into the wake
and drink from the home-made wine
under the mighty canopy
we are star fueled
philosophy flows
while the crabs scuttle
along the shoreline
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Guardians Of The Purse, by Anonymous
Author: Ralfkay
In 1893, the King of the recent Belgian nation,
appointed three Afrikaans chimps to govern
the Flemish town of Antwerpen on the banks
of the Schelde, flowing, wide and slow, from 
Bruges to the North Sea. 

The Apen were richly costumed, charged 
with protecting the taxes raised for the glorious
Gothic Cathedral, over the port, a short walk 
from Teniers Place, modest memorial to one 
of the Flemish group, with Rubens and Jordaens. 

Anonymous, tired of enormous, naked femele flesh, 
and portraits of Royals, Generals, Worthies, 
Unworthies, horses, cannons, and spoiled brats, 
painted, in Flemish lush, guardians of Church funds, 
playing cards, challenging Aces with Straight Sets. 

Found dipping into public funds, they were exiled 
to Belgium's Congo, where corruption may still occur.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Author: Lea Knowles
Youlouca, the Kalina people called it -
the spirit of the rainbows
where such spirits were believed to dwell,
this island, mango - shaped, 
with a scattering of small stones,
the Grenadines, bobbing in its wake
seeming to float on the Caribbean Sea.

The hurricane season had ended
and the populace heaved a sigh of relief
that nature had let her be this year,
and the glorious sun shone 
waterfalls cascaded 
and rainbows came and went
in the swirl of spray and the rain.
The people came to sail, to sample
to laze on beaches golden and dark silver
or swoon to seascapes soaked in soft moonlight.

But nature paid no mind to such frivolities
as deep within, a lava dome was preparing
for cataclysmic entrance on the scene.
La Soufriere was rising after decades of sleep.
Warnings were given to abandon the hiking trails 
leading up to the crater’s rim,
abandon the scattered villages and allotments
abandon the fine dining rooms 
of plantation houses
and escape while the earth shook
and La Soufriere belched and spat and fumed
and finally blasted black plumes of heat and grit
to blot out the landscape of the red zone
smother life and livings under an ash blanket.
For months the tumult rained
and at its end little of value remained.

And though the people wept 
they returned, dug deep 
rebuilt and replanted
resilient in the face of calamity
and renewed their faith as a people
in the restoration of beauty,
in the resurrection
in the spirit of the rainbows.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Uncontainable, uncontrollable grief
Author: BeehivePoetry
Hushed maniacal groans
crack through gritted teeth,
leaking shrieking tones
panic snaps my bones.
I am unravelling,
consciousness maddening,
oozing, dripping with grief.
Steel thorn pierces within
blade slices silk skin,
crimson rivers carve canyons 
ravines down my flesh;
I declare war upon myself.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: March
Author: Blue Raven
There is always the wind,
and birds that ride
the twisting branches
with ruffled feathers 
and half closed eyes.

Do they anchor their feet
in pregnant buds
that swell between the thorns
of Mesquite,

or are their bodies hollow,
just a collection
of bone and plumage,

a metaphor for balance
in an unstable world. 

Wonders multiply
and the mood of each day is uncertain
as time flows toward April

and flocks of cowbirds
wheel in unreadable patterns
above prairie and pastures,
alive with the antics
of Spring born calves.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A September Twilight
Author: Karunamoyi
A September Twilight sky
Clustered with rain clouds 
Casts a grey canopy: endless
Golden clouds still shouting their last minute presence
Before bidding today's farewell
At some corners of the blue
Visible by the green - brown matrices 
Of an age old tree
Drenched by the fresh downpours
White cranes and green parrots
Having their day's last flight
Dragon flies dancing to their heights
Baby bats practicing their routine balls
Welcome the night's darkness
©Karunamoyi
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Last call
Author: REDdog 425
sitting on my favorite stool
in this dimly lit bar room
starring at the image
between the bottles
on the glass shelve

teddy's out like a light
leaning on the waxed bar
Jonny cash on the jut box
that old Folsom prison
the image ageing

sally singing and dancing
with herself next to the neon
Budweiser sign lit up in the window
the music changes over to
merl Hagger
take this job and shove it
bar keep rings the bell
last call
I will have another
scotch rocks
good night see you all tomorrow
Michael G Deegan
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: My Liverpool home
Author: Cats Meow
The old Liver Bird sits on its perch, and watches the world go by,
In a backdrop of a dark industrialised sky,
Glimpsing the little boats, ferrying the masses to and fro,
People walking aimlessly, with no where special to go.
The Pier Head, and the Albert dock,
Lime street station, where train enthusiasts flock,
St Georges Hall, the Adelphi hotel,
Salty seafarers, with maritime tales to tell. 
The beatles on their path to global stardom,
Once roamed these streets, and on washboards, and soapboxes they'd strum,
Leather clad troubadours, with humour abrasive,
Spellbound the world with their talent, so creative.
Thousands of screaming fab-four fans,
packed into the cavern, like sardines in a can,
Sweating, and swaying in its putrid haze,
The dark dingy birthplace of the Beatles craze.
Strawberry fields, and Penny lane,
Destitute hookers on the game,
Seagulls screech, and tumble in the air,
Over a city filled with nostalgia, fear and despair.
History seeps out of its rain sodden concrete,
Of commerce, migration, and footballers feet,
Mass destruction, and war-time bravery,
And the shame of international slavery. 
Maritime shanties echo from the nearby sea,
On a dock, that has now ceased to be,
The pulling of ropes, and creaking of ships,
Buxom Mary Ellen's with ruby red lips.
Liverpool's a city of wild contrasts,
Of elegance, history, and drunken bombast.
A place that can welcome you, when you feel alone, 
A windswept, metropolis that I call home.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Feet On The Roof
Author: CookieZeal
You old corn, you!

You get me to dance on the phone
like early days when my dress was short
and butterscotch lipstick light

I want to leave the kitchen alone
while searching for a stage
that has a spotlight on my toes.

Your gravel voice is a sure prompt
to gather my teenage toys and play
the records of Rydell and Ed Byrnes.

Suddenly, I’m like cheese on crackers
sappy and gummy in presentation
but approved by all.

You old corn, you!

Keep the words coming,
my hem is getting shorter
and feet are skating on the roof.

M. Dianne Berry
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Mother Tree Stewardship
Author: Greg Gaul
A Blue Jay flew squawking into a crown
alerting all the other birds around
News of coming danger ran through the stand
down to the floor and across all the land
The Mother Tree signaled through the air,
it's time to send this message everywhere

The "Wood Wide Web" ground network zone below
fosters real resilience for those who know -
plants, roots, insects, fungi and ground creatures,
all are friends of the "Wisdom Woods" features
Shielding transmissions sent through bio pathways,
believing that trees talk amazes always

Defense signals, part of Mother Tree's plan
all the network's players do what they can
Talk to the beetles or bring on the ants,
tell all the mammals to plan for the plants
Emit volatiles, thicken bark, drop low limbs,
muster the toxins and so it begins

Humans think a month is a lot of time
forests manage on a far longer line
Members of forests are strong cooperators
loggers have long been thoughtless invaders
Mother Tree's perspective is much broader
we must rely on nature's own order

Tree wisdom for ages, a half billion years
gathers the forest and allays all fears
Nature's courage to keep danger at bay,
the forest dispenses at once without delay
Mother Tree knows to save each of its young
all will feel the light, today's dappled sun





Notes: The "Wisdom Woods" is imaginary and intended to be a part of The National Park System, about two thousand acres with an approximate stand of a thousand trees of a dozen various species. Various types of fungi, plants, avian life, ground creatures, fish and insects all exist in this plot of land. A staff of two would monitor, record and document all movements and changes in these populations. As well, they would react to any and all attacks in cooperative concert with the forest defenses against blight, weather, infestation, abuse and lastly, fire. They too would conduct all needed maintenance. Academic institutions would conduct experimentation and research for the public interest and good on this land. There are several streams and three ponds for water fowl and aquatic life to round out the ecosystem. Since Mother Trees aggregate the (nearly half billion year old history) aged wisdom of forest network management their focused, in natural tree time, reactions and actions would be studied as leading the strategic knowledge for this section of land. This would precede the judgment of humans. Noted experts in this field: Susanne Simard, David George Haskell, Dennis Wohlleben and Robin Wall Kimmerer are credited (among others) with the inspiration to construct and write this demonstration poem for the general public's interest and information.

Copyright © Greg Gaul | Year Posted 2020
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: [ The sleeping grasses on the winter hill  ]
Author: Maharthalani1848
The sleeping grasses on the winter hill
in tawny corduroy, sport a dark pill
of scattered evergreens - in powder blues,
the cloudless winter sky. These three same hues,
of chestnut, pine and blue, in summer show,
brighter, and in a different ratio.
But, too soon comes the equinox of Spring
when Lady’s thumb and Chickweed start creeping,
the sleeping grasses all begin to green,
the shoots of dormant roots can now be seen,
with tips of pips beginning to appear.
We move into the growing time of year.
We move into the mowing time of year.
Our hill in Winter, with his muted tones, 
is easy on the eyes, and on my bones.
It’s beauty without labor, which is why
I often greet the Springtime with a sigh.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Sunlit Forest
Author: Amethyst Moonjade
Dappling sunlight with rays of light through the branches
of the tamarack trees,. Branches of pine swaying in the wind.
The wind rippling across the water, fracturing the reflection of
the sun. The liquid trilling of the finches floating on the air.
The lush grasses on the edge of the lake, waving in the breeze.
These are the things that restore my soul when life becomes
too much.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Recycling of Ideas.
Author: Mapovia
The old bachelor and his old widowed mother
set up the lawn for their weekend yard sale.
This commercial ritual is almost religious.

Out comes the stuff from their little old house
which more and more shows signs of dysfunction; 
vinyl siding stained with moss; shingles sliding 
from where roof meets chimney.

The old bachelor and his old widowed mother
have lived 50 years on this block of few changes. 
A lot's collected over two generations. When (for instance)
was bought that bicycle there in need of a fresh coat of paint?

The yard fare includes crutches (who would buy used crutches?)
Here; a globe of when there existed a mighty Soviet Union (RIP.)
There; a high chair of long ago.  A broken ladder, silverware,
and book stands looking Amish.

It's a pile of junk, I tell you, they move around the yard,
and not a passerby to look. Not a sale in breezy May, not in June getting hot nor on the 4th of July. The days grow longer as August elapses into autumn.  And by November, it's all over.

It keeps mother and son busy.  
And who's not to say if the verses I pen 
ain't the equal of the lonesome, twosome third-hand crap?  
We gotta be honest, recycling saves.  It's an American tradition.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Pirate Says Arrr
Author: GrayMatter78
Patrolling the mouth of the mighty Mississipp',
Brothers in arms with a cartel of men.
No nation was safe in their voyage,
To sell their goods at the port of New Orleans.

Overgrown with marsh and wildlife,
The delta was a labyrinth of inlets.
The confusion created a situation of apathy,
Which granted Jean Lafitte and his mates an open invitation.

A man without a country,
Yet pursued by all nations.
He worked covertly through the bayous,
Hiding his treasures across the coastline.

Condemned by U.S. Presidents today,
Exonerated tomorrow.
He was more than a buccaneer,
He was a highly educated gentleman.

The British are blockading,
And he is by-passing and supplying aid.
Offers from both sides for a bit of amnesty,
He latches his support with New Orleans.

The British have landed,
And New Orleans with only light defense.
General Andrew Jackson calls upon Lafitte,
Which marks an exclamation against King George II.

After the fog of war had lifted,
He again stood in the cross-hairs.
Condemned and exiled to Galveston,
He created a new haven for his enterprise.

Years have passed,
Treasures have never been found.
National Parks and Reserves named in his honor,
Which allows his impact on history to live on.
------------------------------------------------------------

