Title: Under Siege
Author: Susanne Donoghue
Burly clouds clashed last evening
in their padded gloves of down,
provoking a savage response 
of lightning reverberating throughout
the valley and shaking the windows
with their power.

I flinched at each actinic bolt 
thrown from the airborne crossbows 
aimed at us, clenching my body
at their explosions. 

Taking these warnings seriously,
I moved to the center of the house,
away from the windows.

Though the heavens were throwing
heavy furniture and dishes at each other,
and the rain was falling in cascades and torrents,
our house stood staunch and firm,
warding off huge cauldrons of water
crashing onto the roof.

The assault went on throughout the night,
filling the river beyond its banks,
occluding the night's full moon,
birthing two new waterfalls 
as the rain sped down the steep volcanoes' sides.

Like a shaggy-coated dog, the town shook itself dry
this morning, sending up white flags of surrender. 
In the market, tomatoes shone red, cucumbers green,
squashes sunflower yellow, while shoppers enjoyed the reprieve
granted by the parley to fill their baskets and taxi home.

Soon the rain began again, and I am left with this question--
how can thousands of gallons be massed and carried so high
by something as light as air?

For April 6
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Harrow-On-The-Hill
Author: Sir John Betjeman
When melancholy Autumn comes to Wembley
And electric trains are lighted after tea
The poplars near the stadium are trembly
With their tap and tap and whispering to me,
Like the sound of little breakers
Spreading out along the surf-line
When the estuary's filling
With the sea.

Then Harrow-on-the-Hill's a rocky island
And Harrow churchyard full of sailor's graves
And the constant click and kissing of the trolley buses hissing
Is the level of the Wealdstone turned to waves
And the rumble of the railway
Is the thunder of the rollers
As they gather for the plunging
Into caves

There's a storm cloud to the westward over Kenton,
There's a line of harbour lights at Perivale,
Is it rounding rough Pentire in a flood of sunset fire
The little fleet of trawlers under sail?
Can those boats be only roof tops
As they stream along the skyline
In a race for port and Padstow
With the gale?
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Monsoon and Village life
Author: Venu hydrologist
Chirping is low key
Voice hoarse
Birds hopping on empty branches
Women trek to river bed
Scour a pitcher of water
Harvests leave fields dry
Scene on monsoons arrival cheer
Village tank fills
Buckets dip full
Farmers plough lands
sow seeds in mud
Songs rent the air
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Starry Night, Meadows, Sex and Syphilis
Author: Keng
Pale blue light
meadow's night
warm sharing 
as stars glisten 
silver in sex's sweat.

Sated skin on skin
loins now limp
hot breath
eyes fix eyes
pleasure blushes 
red flushes
consumed.

In shared wet 
unseen in 
sex's sheen 
orgasmic gushes,
there swims syphilis 
warm in joy's gel
gifting sex cyanide.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Barn Rhymes #352
Author: Painful Poet
Child runs around the barn,
Watching the cats chase the yarn.
Balled up covered in dust.
Bouncing off the metal tin,
Speckled with rust.

Dogs start barking, raising a fuss.
Old man farmer starts to cuss.
Lil' boy farmer slaps his knee and laughs.
Smacks the Holstein calf on it's ****. 
Startled, the calf jumps up and bolts through the barn faster than a lightning bolt.

Twelve goats jolt up on the four inch gate post.
Their limber teeth gnawing on that antique popular timber.

Chicken scatter,
Clammering to the matter.
Running around as if their being chased after by that ole farmer, waving that axe, perhaps it's time to behead, snip them skinny legs, and pluck those hundreds of feathers.

If the weather is right,
In the barn on any day or night.

04.11.23 - #352 - Barn Rhymes
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Lament for Koko's calabash
Author: Mpho Hlakudi
Kgomo ea swa!
the thirsty sun has sucked it dry
How pleasant was the sweet smell of a coming rain
That unrestrained laughter of mischievous kids playing in the rain
Oh what painful sweet memories
Alas, those days are gone
Nothing remains but the barren clouds
My grandmother's big beautiful calabash has turned it's face from the sky
No more will its udder fill with sweet, cool rain water
It's smooth red belly has turned pale
It's hand painted straight lines and zigzagging details have faded
No more will it cure the sick children
Mauwe boela pitšeng
mauwe boela pitšeng
No more will it brew traditional beer for the village elders
Moeta o mogolo o ribegile
Our throats are parched
And we weep
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Rubik's cube in plaid
Author: Nancyaliciag
he wears plaid cardigans
Birkenstocks with socks
crooked, horn-rimmed specs

still types DOS commands 
hunt and pecks keyboards 
with two index fingers

conducts Bach with pencils
tromps through bracken, scribbling
kneels in loam, humming to herbs

can't cram him into pigeonholes
he's a puzzle, a square peg

that fits me
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Granite Mountain
Author: Mlewy
granite mountain, 
you bear my grief,
across your broad, solid shoulders,
and tension falls away like snow melt,
down your strong flat expanse, 
then—bloom, 
my chest expands with the rushing waters
of the exuberant creek you feed, 
feet tread softly over pine needle laden path, 
steep and then flat, and again,
rhythmic pad, heart glad,
on granite mountain.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: forgotten church
Author: Daniel Duhaime
abandoned church overgrown with climbing vines
that once held a choir fill its rafters 
and a minister to preach bible lessons 

now left in a ruin shell of neglect 
because they ran out of money to keep it going
frescos line the celing inside with pealing paint 

as well as rotted wood that held the stations of the cross
a blanket of dust filled lenoneum lays everpresent
waiting to be revealed

in the loft lays a bell that rings nomore
a reminder of a once proud congregation
that sang hyms in a community of christians
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: month of sundays
Author: Smaximos
Poured out past
Wisteria walls
Broken blue glass
Bottles
Brothers poking passed out
Drunks
BB gunned birds
Bound for heaven
Blown kitchen curtains
Wave at fridgidaire
Bikes fly down blind mans
Hill with frightening thrill
New pups on bedroom floor
Fresh as budding flowers
My brother
Beaten with broom stick
By sick step dad
Blistered loud old ford
On rattled road
Burnt house smell
All lost except dogs
Toes hiding in frozen boots
Frosty fingers dishing out
Icy orbs
Tossing rocks at lovers
In borrowed cars
Faraway girl
Jeans and pearls
Kisses on necks
Made this wreck

Then 
Becoming
Them

Moon broken evenings 
Bounce along
gentle stream ripples
Dimples of days lived
Alive

How dare we
Wild willing ones 
Hoarding jealousies of 
Canyon faced monoliths
With leather backed
Wrists 
Wisdom hung chins
And curtained eyes


Headlong
We hurl yesterdays away
Silently
Knowing if we try
We will be them

Someday...
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Betrayal
Author: Sapphire4
His cutting words sliced my world in two, a *guillotine moment
I froze, at first with disbelief, I beheld the *mauve crocuses
spreading far and wide in the deeply wooded valley, I felt sad

My joy, in first seeing them; our interwoven fingers, love
dissipated, a fountain of indignation burst forth from my lips
I *blanched to see him striding purposefully away, why now?

Was it only an hour ago when I had taken a satisfied look in
my *bevel edged mirror, corn blue eyes lit with expectation 
Now, six weeks later, I am fully aware of his betrayal

I saw them together, they were collecting *dandelion heads
Knowing his scathing comment on ‘new age health junkies’
A revelation, hit in the guts, I had missed a proverbial bullet
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Acrostic: Sarmistha Das
Author: shayandas
Sing in my reveries, mother mine
As I slowly carve these elegant rhymes,
Record your name & organize the lines
Muffled up in love for eternal time.
Inscribe the characters that day to day
Speak to you the rev'rence I held so close,
Tell you the secrets I could never say
Holding your hands like a phoenix I rose.
And even when this verse, my words shall rot,
Dawn or the twilight, when there will be none!
Angels or devils, the heavens can not
Separate a mother from her son.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Marisol and Lacy
Author: Poetry Lover7
Marisol hears the seagulls
before she sees them
walking barefoot down the path 
towards the beach 
Lacy barks and runs ahead 
her tail wagging chasing the gulls 

along the wet sandy shoreline  
salty waves gently wash   
over Marisol's bare feet
Lacy leaps and splashes 
shaking her brown wet fur
against Marisol's tanned legs    
as white sails billow 
in small capped waves 
in a steady breeze 
as the ocean waters change 
from deep blue to aquamarine  
in the afternoon sun
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: why i once enjoyed doodling little do-d'ahs like this...
Author: Matthew Conrad
i have lost what i once claimed to have:
i once claimed to allow myself
from thinking:
that my ego was the minotaur...
and thinking itself:
was an architectural process to make:
solid... a labyrinth...
i'd find less of being
and more of forgetting:
by finding a forgetting i'd also find...
a pleasure of not becoming:
which was never a negation
of being... outright: "to not" be...

feeding the foetus nothing
all the supposed energies of: not born
of death...
i once enjoyed writing my little
doodle-do-d'ahs...
now i wager:
a wagner... and...
all that can be mustered:
total the clown-face make-up...
eat candyfloss like a cat might
cobwebs...
live the spirited life...

i posit two antithesis mea culpas
as to why i don't find this
process the same old invigoration...
but there's a third...
the narrative of everyone and no-one...
what narrative?

i blame... "blame" having discovered...
franziskaner: weißbier...
noteworthy...
the german "Z"...
franцiskaner: weißbier
anno 1363...
and... having quit smoking...
i guess i'm enjoying these two "things"
too much...
the third being... whatever the narrative
was... one could someone weave
a "counter" or at least a sub-narrative...
but now?

point-minder...
tell the difference between: чeck and...
чeat and... caron / corona "c"...
čisel...                  but the german Z...
is quiet unlike the supposed...
a-und-e... of the weiß...
which is why... the russian comes
in handy...

franцiskaner...
how can anyone not enjoy...
finding this beer...
quitting smoking...
working on one's own
garden... living the maxim from
voltaire's candide...
while the rest of the world has its
little adventure...
tea-hybrid hues of roses...
the newly wedded rolls of grass
to a well detailed...
bosom of "hearth"...

i planted three rows of
radishes... and already they're puncturing
the soil from the bottom up...
white ping-pong heads...
i'll wait for the burgundians till
tomorrow...
the tomatoes and the cucumbers
will take care of themselves...
Seattle is no Woodstock...
so... anything can wait...

if this could come from something
necessary... like a toothache...
it this could come from something...
unnecessary like...
a suit and tie and social etiquette
for that tier of society that asked
for that sort of passport of credentials...

but i... having found this so-called
form of escapism...
when the ruling elites get their narrative-bollocks
together... i'll write my own little
pretex...
i'll not find a voice in me
to shout down democracy...
but i have two good excuses
as to why i'm slacking...
from the usual pleasure of sacrificed
thought from misty ghost heights
into the depths of the spade
and mattock...
and all these words should be
written in coal dust...
and my fingertips should be...
noted... as... making milk impure...

discovering
franцiskaner: weißbier
and giving up smoking...
no wonder... i can't seem to get a hard on
for what i used to get a "hard-on" for...

p.s.
lammping - greater good (2020 single).
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Renewal
Author: Ventro
white sandy beaches froth brown goo at the tips
murky water slides up and down the uneven coast
a black oily substance slides along the surface of the water
colorful messages lay buried along the beach shore
life around the shore devoid of color
rotting material reeking of death upon the sandy place
a vessel chugs along spewing black smoke into the tainted air
black waves crash against rocky shorelines as if pleading for help
white sheets fly across the ground and sky
with a storm brewing in the distance
it’s cold, wet, and dreary
suddenly laughter is heard
a hoard of beings walking along the distraught beach
poking at the ground and pulling out the buried colors
catching the white sheets as they blow by
skimming the water for the oily substance
keeping the beach alive
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: derelict
Author: Guilty
you will dance and pirouette
spin your ballet 
through my derelict bones 

raze my San Juan Hill home 

scurry little mice 
you pick the refuse 
with what is left behind 

klieg lights and yell cut 
it's a wrap, now go on
call it urban renewal 

i am blight

erect a Lincoln Center in my wake 

forget I was Jazz before Orleans, Chicago
the conga, the horns blared, the Lord 
forgot me as well.

erected churches further uptown in Harlem...

My apologizes, this was to be about me and you.
Inhabit me woman

you always do, the brick and mortar 
walls never contained you 
walk the night tracks 

dance with midnight strangers
hopscotch with running motors
blow a tire, do a line

along the Riverside Drive 
sleep where ever you want
it is here in my slum 

you reside
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Quiet Place
Author: Doc jrs III
"Imagination needs a quiet place lest it go mad."
--a poet by a weeping brook of weedy trophies

*   *   *

At Pheasant Farm ere sunset in a gloaming gown of lace,
Queen Fancy wings toot sweet to Tickling Creek, her quiet place,
the fairy faithful following with yet a curt court fool,
in carriages and coaches pulled by zephyrs staid and cool,
and on arriving nigh an undergrowth of buttonbush,
hops up and off a cushion smooshed a flattened impish tush,
to ring the angel's-trumpets and the Canterberry bells,
whose odes in echoes soulful deep resound in acorn shells, 
to herald the arrival of the queen and all her fays,
as pixies scoot to full assist Her Highness from the chaise, 
though not an ogre snoring stirs in snuggling with a dream,
among the tulips kissing oxlips hugging close the stream,
smooth running through a twilit vale of flower carpets small,
on which Her Majesty at dusk true loves to lounge and loll,
attending to a handsome bard of sonnets sans compare, 
of feet so silver sweet all larks cease tweeting in despair,
till airily into the creek Her Grace and sirens slip,
on silken mist and satin moonbeams straight to skinny-dip,
a twinkling lazily eterne as giggles grins soft tease,
while on a toad stool squats the fool a lump full ill at ease,
befuddled in a muddled muck within a puddle cramp'd,
his spirit by mosquito mocks and serpent hisses damp'd,
as o'er the scene entire a will o'wisp and firefly,
embracing in a folk waltz flicker up into the sky,
an orb of light upon a backdrop of a darkling hue,
on high above a baby's breath asleep beneath a yew,
till as the Lady Eve a last twee sunbeam yawning shrouds,
Her Grace and sylphs drift off to dream on dandy-lion clouds, 
for early climbs each out a morning's wee-small-hours bed,
to wish away the endless toils and troubles still ahead,
and though the queen and all her court disdain to e'er complain, 
at Pheasant Farm the wind vane every sunup points to rain.

*   *   *

a dedication of Respect
for
the quiet place
beneath the flight of fancy

a revolving helios rhyme menippean satire on
the popular, romantic notion of happiness on Earth 

march, 2023 -- forget-me-nots and sweet peas
yet being buried
beneath the yew
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Inside Secure
Author: Nay Chmit
hiding my memories, 
of life and love,
in the rising moon of the night.
Where long shadows cast hills on beaches,
By day, blue skies, rocks and their pools.

where sculpted ripples of sands 
from the sea drawn winds
scour the feet in a squeaking step.
Where dunes and grasses 
sculpt shifting shores.
the whistling behind 
decaying the marks of life.
far away from my life inside.

Poisoned memories invade 
my mind, a place, where.-
-the ghosts in the window,
they no longer stare,
but stand by my side, 
hidden in mirrors and opaqueness  
from the world outside.

A yard, small but outside too,
Where grass and violet petals 
adorn the lawn.
Where tall walls cut by
dappled oak shadows 
show the steps of the sun.

inside remans a dive,
Harsh unclear 
scratched plastic glass, 
Hides the light outside,
and folk within the
common room. 
sunbeams track 
the length of the bed.

cups un-cut, crushed 
and placed in the bin.
A frightened mind
sees meaning,  where
none is required.
I am in a world to
Protect me from myself.

what does the future hold
a world far away from 
the frights of the night,
the delusions and 
creeping spiders of the bed,
things that go bump. 
my confined new world where,
night is a formality, 
inside secure.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Daffodil Cake
Author: Kelsey Jean
A sightly lemon chiffon cake catered to pulpy buttered perfection
piquant whipped yolky batter unveiled in dewy banana-colored fluff
with aerated blonde cream trickling through parties of gold crusted slices
topped with sultry slivers of amber zest and sprinklings of darling daffodils
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: my wanderer
Author: GentlemenLeader
my wanderer, 
let's basket fall-off's of apple and pear garden trees
then ferry on pebbles and punctured red leftover bricks
to the left side of the creek
face ruins of a bridge when turning around 
and let the vocal chords indulge in a sound

songs from a westland yard near apartment buildings
reach out to the foot of an orange mount
it's a medic township by the ambulance station 

my wanderer
don't let the shallow of muddy tropes
coerce this purple attire of yours
into leaving the shoulders for a stranger's hand ropes

when backstreet lamps eclipse forest lanterns
silence loosens up its grip on folks' jabbers
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Blue Sky Kingdom
Author: Terence Cummings-Smith
Riding on a sky wave,
bright blue tumbling down.
Diving amid white puff blooms,
tasting warm summer winds.
The earth beneath  the mosaic greens,
garnished with the rainbow colors,
of myriad flower blooms.
Crystal brooks and lakes display,
shining fish at play.
Towering sylvan monarchs,
shelter furry forest dwellers.
scurrying on their way.
We turn on our feathered limbs,
feel the power of their strokes,
propelling our mighty flight.
Then we wheel and turn,
light on a sturdy limb.
Slowly evening curtain,
draws across the land.
The stars so very bright,
stick their noses out,
one by one.
The golden moon begins,
it's majestic stroll
across the heaven broad.
Night fills with soft pure sound,
from creatures nocturnal.
We place our heads beneath our wings,
taking just pleasured rest.
Tomorrow the sun will rise again,
and another day begin.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Fog
Author: Ramakant Pande
I asked the green blue lake
what mistake, what error, why this guilt
and the fog rose
and rain
pelted from all directions
and I saw you
prancing around the Oaks,
each encircled
by your flying arms,
and me chasing
and not asking questions.

When the fog rose
to last Spring,
I saw you and
a red winged Black bird
singing to the
tap tap of wood peckers
digging her way
to the soul of solitude
in Pines so elegantly
standing above the grey
in full grace of shining hay
of needles shed this fall
and now turning grey
drying to warming spring
when I caught your floating ribbons
flying free in your dance
you gathered them back
jerking them off my hand
and stomped away
leaving the fog to engulf me.

When the fog rose again
Humming Birds and Orioles
busy drinking, buried
neck deep into bulbs
of Hyacinth clusters in blue white
and orange and yellow
Hollyhocks Irises Lilacs abound
the Pansies petunia swaying
and Zinnia
so chartreuse
on yellow
on that blue sky day
and you saw me
watching you
and you stopped dead
behind the hibiscus hedge
and I walked over and
I said I love you
and you remained motionless
and your silence 
like the heavy
fog separated us,
with each of us
in our pockets,
isolated.

And yet, that same spring
Juncos from behind their dark eyes
Wrens with twigs in beaks
and Robbins digging
worms all watching
Goldfinch molt
and you saw me
as I saw you
bathing in stream
and the fog rose
leaving me
delinquent.

In that buzzing
winter-summer interface
Cherry blossoms
busily engaged with invited
butterflies dancing prancing
here a stop, there a flutter
flying in droves
contrasting the green leaves
the swallowtails
with black on the borderline and the middle
and yellow all over
and I without you
inequity eating me
like the fog that crept in
all around in my mind
through out all the other seasons.


And this Spring,

As the melting ice
coursed its way
through the ravines
kissing Ibex feet
bathing Bighorn Dall 
the Thinhorn finding way 
into gushing streams, 
gurgling brooks
through murmuring rivers
breaking into dis-tributaries
bringing life to the thaw,

You melted the ice
in me as you
after the long fog lorn
dark year
absolved me of whatever I
in my mind's eye
had thought and had 
made me believe
that I had sinned
you washed it all
with a nod of your head
that twinkle in your cheeks
and a shine in your eye
and I trudged along
as you held my hand
and the fog in my mind
it lifted and vanished
leaving us in the warm sunshine
of the approaching dry summer days
as you edged me closer
and said I love you.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Mrs. Lee and the Tuna Fish Sandwiches
Author: T. Nels
Mom suggested tuna fish sandwiches. 
We fixed them with relish, celery, boiled eggs, 
and Hellman’s; spread the mixture thin 
and cut each on the diagonal. 

I carried them to the concession stand 
on a platter wrapped in cellophane. 
It was the homecoming game, and Mrs. Lee,
the student council advisor, knew exactly 
what to do. She took a bite of one and said 
matter-of-factly, 
“Everybody loves a good tuna fish sandwich.”
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Paris - March 1998
Author: Joanna Garrido
Paris a breath of very fresh air. 
The March wind wrapped around 
us a chilly Frenchman’s arms of 
welcome as we breezed down 
Parisian pavements to sight-see.

In the August prior to our three day
trip, Princess Diana’s life a candle 
snuffed out in the city of light. Her 
death raw, Great Britain in mourning. 
I still remember the shock as news 
filtered through. The flash in the tunnel, 
the car crash a probable set up. 

We did the touristy things that time
allowed for, ate out in the Spanish 
quarter, sailed the Seine on an 
evening boat ride beneath elaborate
bridges, climbed up and down the 
steps of the Eiffel Tower to wonder 
at the views and loitered near the
Louvre, the queues too long to join.

We visited Montmartre on the last day,
sunlight showing it off, chasing ghosts 
into dark doorways. The climb up the 
hill, cobbled streets, the basilica, an 
area where the past lingers like lovers.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Land’s Edge
Author: justmichael
The moon hangs low
over Pass-a-Grille Beach.

Tourists crowd the few bars 
still open, their laughter

carried on a cool breeze
mixing with the hush

of gentle surf raking
across bone-white sand. 

After eight this place
rolls a different vibe

as sunburned fishermen
cast out nets, their wives

in cotton dresses
with barefoot children 

lugging heavy buckets
for the night's catch.

Beneath a full moon
the dank smell of weed

blurs a thousand stars
dotting the night sky

as the placid, black
waters of the gulf

carry my idle thoughts 
beyond an empty horizon

while I stand on land’s
edge, lost in a dream.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Passage
Author: GS Kelton
Walking along this tangled shore
the wind softly whispering clear
of mazes run in days of yore
down crooked lanes paved in fear

Where ancient signposts dared to hide
lost to those who swiftly journey
and the path's worn steps they would cry
for their reckless abandon to hurry

Eyes wide with wonder and discovery
restless curiosity stealing close behind
chasing after shadows of mysteries
through corridors bent and blind

Making artful masks of leather and rattan
practicing our lines and honing quick wits
matching the stride of the grand caravan
leaving our innocence in the dust and grit

Gently easing from our knotted warrens
stumbling with effort in the light of day
dodging wheels traveling ruts worn barren
arrogant in our chosen masquerades

Hooks poised to snare the promised deal
scaling colossal spokes to burrow and cling
riding the turning of the great wheels
crafting wonders of wax and string

The caravan turning to time's bounds
where a fertile oasis distantly stands
as the creaking wheels slowly come round
dropping us down like grains of sand

Loosed here upon this tangled shore
searching for our lost and forgotten years
to wander these crooked paths once more
where the wind whispers soft and clear.....
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: a.bout.with.thyme.a slugfest.
Author: wylde
.

i wade in rivers of thickend time
suckled ankles of angst
shin up my mindless
paralysis quickening 
sand ground in stony
glazed glares
glassily uncontained.

treacle webs of neon flash
stick stuck enjambments
aisle upon aisle ploughed 
in static sterility
moving frozen to a waltz
of feet undancing along piped
deflated elevator music
gnawing the remains of destitute labels.

tentacle moments sucker
down gnarled spines of perception
deceptions barbed and fraught

with all its ever do is go.

meaningless ticks

engorged drop drunk
from passing parodies 

paraded as lifes parasitic teat


.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The ritual
Author: Apollo Silvercrest
“Who’s there?!” The ritual began. 
A familiar and warm gust snuck over top the crusty bluffs behind him, blasting up his spine, shoulder blades and neck, knocking off his leathery hat, spiraling it through the air like a killed fighter pilot until it tragically exploded in a bright clump of weeds and colorful flowers. With straining effort, a silly grumble and a snort, the hermit harvested up his ancient cap, waving it vengefully at the tanning sky before placing it back on top of his spotted, flaky cranium.
Just you wait for it... 
With a toothless smile, hawking a loogie, he limped joyfully away from the cliff’s edge, down the dusty path that led back to his home with smoke pillowing out of the chimney. He stopped inquisitively, as though he never before stopped at this perfectly measured spot. Closing his wrinkled eyes, rubbing his sore, sand paper hands together, drool dribbled off his bloody lip and a grin broke all the way across his rosy cheeks.
Wait for it!! He giggled uncontrollably, inhaling fresh air through his hairy nose. 
Standing in the open field he counted out loud with a nasty voice, down from ten, and just as he gurgled ‘one’ a powerful stench of metal, sugar and blood, all mixed together, filled his nostrils. Taking a few more intuitive and well timed seconds to allow the calming perfume of rain to warm up his heart, he restarted the count, down from five this time. 
As soon as he burped ‘one’, pebbles of rain thudded down and tapped sweetly behind him against the meadow grasses.
Laughing victoriously, he raised his arms and turned to face the defeated storm that, now that the rain had been beaten into them, smelled of grass and wild flowers.
“Wow…” he started in awe. “That’s a good one, ain’t it Beans? Usually they just got totally burnt up and black! But today, phew, it’s evening! See how lit up and blasted our sunset makes those big, mean ol’ poofs, over there, by the Bricks?” He pointed south, earnestly over the cliff, over towards the cloudy mountains which looked out over all the hills, rivers and farms below them. “Serves ‘you right!” He mumbled, shaking his fist at the burning clouds, adjusting his peeling hat.
The graying wiener dog hopped up his old leg, weakly, then hopped back down, yawning. 
“Ah, Beanies. You’re too old. Might as well cook ya’.” The hermit joked, hungrily, taking one last glance at the orange and onyx clouds as they boiled and bubbled over the mountains he named the Bricks. “Wow…” Arms crossed, he and Beans stood there just a while longer, admiring the contrasting, sparkling colors until their stomachs grumbled. Then, his eyes closed, after allowing the cool rain to completely soak into his t-shirt and chest, he turned painfully, opening his eyes and hobbling with a dark cane the short distance back to his cozy little cabin where tomato soup would now be churning in a big black pot that hung heavily over a crackling fireplace.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Despite the dreadful muzak
Author: Saaflundener
Time's winged butterfly
Lurches, drunk on very life
One moment I'm five again
Vomiting, at the only birthday party 
Mum was willing to give
Now, seventy years on, gloating 
Contentedly at the oceano

Waiting for sea food in Sardinia
But last night, during and after a movie
A student again, anguished impostor
Lit crit didn't come easily
The mussels arrive fresh, delicious
In a rich tomato sauce
Only one or two are closed

I set those aside, as taught by Frenchmen
Long ago in North Africa
(Languages were a doddle)
But you have to scoff mussels promptly
Else they cool, 
Becoming commonplace - just
Ordinary food

Funny how they stick around
Those goals I scored in a
Brief career as a striker,
University College soccer sixth team.
I remove a hard slither of
Jet mussel shell 
Held fast by aged teeth

Just twenty years ago I had
Charge of three small children
Squashy-boshy, kisses, hugs
Night-night, sleep tight toddlers
But turn attention now to
Seven large shrimps
Sweet-grilled in local wine

Fingers drip as I pull off
Heads, legs and scales, then
Choppers chopping the bodies
Into three mouthfuls
Contorni not fries
Rice or pasta, but
verdure pastellate

I recall Italy in 1975
With Fiona, girl I hoped to marry
Until she solemnly wanted me
Out of her life, had
Two brave boys with another
And died young of cancer.
The waiter brings ice-cream

For my brother and
Double espresso for me.
Now looking back, the most
Decisive memory is
The interview and trial lecture
That won for me my last and
Proudest job. 

I stayed there
Nineteen years, though now better
Recall the more eventful
Twenty-five before
The boastful beach is beaming
And despite the dreadful muzak
The memories all shine
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: ruins of the world
Author: E-a- Abernathy
my eyes want to close
my head aches with its own weight
my limbs are dead and disconnected
from my torso set upon by the matador
gods military industrial complex
all the diatoms and particulate bends 
all of the cells and algae bend... 
it all bows in humility and artlessness
how can my elbow bow to my ankle 
how can my ear bow to my mouth 
or was it how my mouth can shut up 
and i can earn my freedom 
from the landline as its cable tread
from the asphalt all black and tar
from the cinder and rust 
the crazy bit is solidarity like poland
the crazy bit is rampant like godzilla 
always rearing and turning to see 
like a frightened animal in a strange place
like a racoon in a shopping mall 
only its been living in the subbasement 
and is half a mutant and half a man
and all ratchet the racoon 
or something dumb how the people 
play the rye 
to see the drama of the day 
like golden light on fields of sway in the wind 
rushing 
grasshopper leaps and takes flight
did it have wings when it woke up 
or only when it tried
rushing
bird cawing sweet chirps 
and flicking its head about 
does it have a song 
scythe and the reaper 
looming like the horizon before a storm 
or the night growing from the east 
but not east or night
and it being an omen
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: beach bubbles
Author: Crystal Hope
cucumber trees blanket turquoise skies 
as she picks the daisies of a bright yellow sunrise. 

dusty champagne clouds wiggle and whirl
and her crimson dress swings quite a twirl. 

her little fingers tiptoe on a wooden bench 
and her lacy ruffles she tugged and clenched. 

strawberry cheeks brightened with a toothless smile 
and her magenta sandals jumped a mile. 

white bucket hat soiled in grimy sand 
with a pail and shovel in her hand. 

waves cuddle her dangling toes 
as her little toddle everywhere she goes.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Nigerian mass exillation
Author: Obiekwe Emmanuel
At my father's homestead
roasted chickens come to roost
young chicks go and not return 
Okobia leans by door post
waiting for his traveling children 
who went up the mountain field
carrying a jar of warm water
few dry grains of garri and corn.

They wriggled out of Okobia's grip
everyday they once uproot weeds
plant cassava, maize and melon seeds
in the scorching sun and soaking rain
at night roast corn and count the moons
till with hoe and harvest dry grounds
The President buys the land & oil underground 
all their toils in a pile of ruin, 
wriggled out of his feeble embrace
we cannot lean on our spine or his stead.

In search of gold coins and silver bars
crossing the bridge that says 'Okobia Goodbye'
journeying as automobiles could carry
saddle on severed donkeys through the night
a desert ridge is a cotton headrest
our eyes bulge while we walk slowly
drinking salty urine make us thirstier
asleep we eat grilled yams and dry meat
all around us is yellowish sand dunes
and a grave of silent wind that hushes
out numbers the sand under our feet
a copius army of silent drones
tired to the bone marrow and drops 
like a cured dry log, we roll over the dunes
as dry sausage or an Egyptian mummy 
slow death and rapid burial.
Cannot lean on our spinal cord or tree crops. 

Thumbs can only grasp onto thin air 
like Spider Man climbing on glass walls
as we grope in a Google map
seeking silver pendant and gold jewelry. 
Or return like a Chicken roosting 
in Okobia's graveyard.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Diasporal of German Hearts
Author: Robert Ederer
My soul has bits of Germany in it
as do all the wind scattered descendants. 
their character shaped by a hundred generations
the land forming them and they the land.

There are deep soils built by peasants
centuries of rotation into black loam.
the pieces of their lives in the earth
their meals, scraps and dreams.

It has oak forests
ingrained as woodchips
the felling of great trees
the building of barns
tables and chairs.

There are mountain lakes in it
all stillness and depth.

There is stubbornness in there
as hard as the rocks
battled to create the land
resilient to storms, famine
rulers and thieves.
.
I find strength there
the value of sturdiness
in the things built and raised.
Stout hearts who meet each sunrise with praise.

Frankfurt to Ontario, to Ohio to Argentina
Germany has little pieces everywhere.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: In passing - Misha Collins
Author: deeppoet68
( this is my fav poem by this amazing actor and poet Misha Collins )
(not my poem!!!)
I'm alone in San Francisco.
And this morning, a man walked past me 
On a steep hillside sidewalk.

I was on Grant Street, my knees pointing downhill; 
I turned shoulder-front and sideways 
To slip past the city shoppers, 
And, in a white oxford, 
Under the sheath of a shaved scalp,
The man climbed toward me, And, passing, he said the words,
"Don't be lonely. Be HAPPY."

Not looking back, he just kept walking
Up and up toward a cable car.

He was speaking to me. 
I'm sure of it.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: the wounds from a life well lived
Author: Irish Rose
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God,
and the Word was God.
He was in the beginning with God.
All things were made through Him, and without Him nothing
was made that was made.
In Him was life, and the life was the light of men.
And the light shines in the darkness,
and the darkness did not comprehend



I)
The Trial
The night wept and sang in purpled-pain ‘neath the BLACK shrouded night
men with corrupt hearts of fetid-meat connived, contriving murders deed
chaining woven fabrications, lies and alibis about a man without sin or strife
the Crime; “ Blasphemy” profaning to be “the Jewish king” such arrogance
SON of God his claim; Jesus of Nazareth a Carpenter, a craftsman by trade

The Teacher, the Healer, lover all people, hope for the poor and children,
the downtrodden, the Women, the sick in spirit, the raiser of the real dead
the candle burning in the darkness, shining bright, breathed against night
the God-man, birth foretold long ago, a GOOD man full of COMPASSION
abused, mocked, scorned, beaten with WRATH, and a flailing, ripping whip

Scourged by Roman Centurion animal-beings; abusive brutes in metal skins
they crowned him, with a crown of Thorns they wove; his blood freely flows
from EYES, Forehead, Temples and Nose, blending into humanities River;
an unending diversified flow, riveted with EVIL, sin, death and spiritual war
his EYES see into eternities black hole, morning now dawns, a cock crows

III)
Crucifixion
Road to Golgotha tough, long and slow, curling moving like a black snake
through the underbrush of human hate; people spit, mock, throwing stones
dust clouds billow up, curses are heard, dust settleson Golgothas old bones
time’s come, CROSS thrown to the ground; Jesus slammed,vertically down

IV)
2 Nailed Hands
Left wrist taken by a soldier, another holds his arm, a NAIL rough-honed
hammer falls, crushing blow, through wrist and palm, racing, raging pain
nailed to a rugged CROSS for human wrongs, his voice screams, shrieking
he’s moving, but they pin him down; next, right palm-wrist, nailed fixed

2 Nailed Feet
Pain Explodes, through humanities dying hope, SON suffers before FATHER
feet are held for a quicker mark, heavy NAILS are pounded in, brutally driven
that we might remember his suffering, PRESENT in his anguished HISTORY
like the last Rose blooming, in Summers heat,  it’s bold fragrance yet lingers

Cross is Raised
Men with filthy hands jerk CROSS from the ground, Jesus, suspended meat
his body spasms involuntarily; hanging, shaking, bleeding out sins decree
bystanders taunt him saying “save yourself and come down from the CROSS”
3 hours he hangs, between 2 dying catastrophes as their symphony recedes

6 hours pass there was darkness, over the whole land,  until the 9th hour
Jesus shouted out loudly saying. “Eloi, Eloi, Iama sabachthani “
“My God,My God why have You forsaken Me”  mortality shaken quakes
Jesus cries out with a loud voice and breathes his last,  it is finished~

like a vaporous hurricane life escapes

Chest
Sky thunders, earth rages insane, the vail of his *temple torn in two; asunder
a centurion guarding him sees his breath pass, and plunged in his spear
deep into his side, a’neath his chest, into his death; water&blood flow out
humanities sinful hate and weight, kills the God-man, the raw brutality ends

so we may eternally, live again




please play on low while reading
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Ouroboros
Author: Phoenix Aradia
Come with me to the middle,
for the beginning is the end.
Then segment by scaly segment,
we'll make our way round the bend.

Our destiny will guide us,
as future becomes the past;
feeding us into eternity,
our consequences our repast.

One thing leads to another,
as we unravel our fate.
Then we're back where we began,
through the pearly toothed gate.

So don't worry about where we're going,
or what lies behind the next door,
because later you may realize,
you've been this way before.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Innocence
Author: Coryjb
small glints of nineties cars wiz by
standing through a narrow hallway
seeing the beauty in ageless sunlight

bringing me to the brink of jovial love
a crimson mustang slowly looks
colourfully packed paint lined up
for my birthday friends some family

it's in the shade of the walls walking
out to my living room shining deeply
each facet reflective emerald window

floor to ceiling sills splaying cedars
in the yard rustling in wind moving
glare onto my eye stepping through
trees so autumn that confident humid

leaving suburbia for the wooded lakes
my only standing idea of this archway

surrendering the process of blocking
chemical memories with symmetries
asymmetrical full of the horizon's gleam

sliding across tan brick roofs trickling
watery beads rolling off of innocence
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Beaucourt Revisited
Author: A P Herbert
I wandered up to Beaucourt; I took the river track
And saw the lines we lived in before the Boche went back; 
But Peace was now in Pottage, the front was far ahead,
The front had journeyed Eastward, and only left the dead. 
And I thought, how long we lay there, and watched across the wire,
While guns roared round the valley, and set the skies afire!
But now there are homes in Hamel and tents in the Vale of Hell,
And a camp at suicide corner, where half a regiment fell. 
The new troops follow after, and tread the land we won,
To them 'tis so much hill-side re-wrested from the Hun
We only walk with reverence this sullen mile of mud
The shell-holes hold our history, and half of them our blood. 
Here, at the head of Peche Street, 'twas death to show your face,
To me it seemed like magic to linger in the place;
For me how many spirits hung around the Kentish Caves,
But the new men see no spirits-they only see the graves. 
I found the half-dug ditches we fashioned for the fight,
We lost a score of men there-young James was killed that night,
I saw the star shells staring, I heard the bullets hail,
But the new troops pass unheeding-they never heard the tale. 
I crossed the blood red ribbon, that once was no-man's land,
I saw a misty daybreak and a creeping minute-hand;
And here the lads went over, and there was Harmsworth shot,
And here was William lying-but the new men know them not. 
And I said, "There is still the river, and still the stiff, stark trees,
To treasure here our story, but there are only these";
But under the white wood crosses the dead men answered low,
" The new men know not Beaucourt, but we are here-we know."
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: nocturne in pastels for hibakujumoku
Author: Jonathan Moya
(After R. Byron)

they fall like a strange red bird in a old snare
they fall like a strange pink koi in an old net 
like a shadow of a Cherry blossom on a stagnant pool
like a dying pearl in the depths of the East China Sea
like Akiko Futaba singing forever beneath her casement
these hibakujumoku (a-bomb trees) leaves falling on
Hiroshima seventy seven autumns since the flashing sky.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Winter Park Behind the Scenes   (Antwan Ramar Ekphrasis)
Author: Orense
next to the water lilies
a satellite dish
and some AC units'
sable sinew

skyless
bins out for collection
waiting for catharsis
or a gilded frame

all this tilted away
from the very top of trees
holding the shadows
of a million brushstrokes

chevalet set up
behind the parking lot
palette knife speckled
with dust and grey

eyes linger
on a simple emotion
the joy of sienna red roofs
against the beige
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: rust and moth
Author: liquidmindforever
silence bombards each thought each sought each wrought
caught on the taut of discipline - raucous within

shall the blind lead the blind through matrix of kind
through tundras sublime tine forklifting once confine

forced feeding proceeding into dense wilderness
less I confess I prefer to sequester then egress

what evanescent mess knows each test I found dangling
like a carrot before white winter's rabbit - left strangling

lead me into quiet pastures - indentured grazers sniff grass
alas, each morass a final gasp before rust and moth tarnish death's hasp.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: transgressions
Author: kolap
Le nôtre était le sous-texte d'un document sacré
accessible uniquement aux initiés

ours was the mattrix of a love
a love to end all loves
where rules aren’t taken into account
and signs and icons are broken
into smithereens
where within that alcove we hide our hearts


ours broke all rules of an organization
deliberately causing transgressions
no social deliberations
only a total non-verbal comprehension

we were two horses not yet broken
jumping over the barbed wire
fence of ridiculous conventions

on the run
our manes blown
by the speed
of our gallop,
how we trotted
hopped
skipped
over stones
boulders
gurgling brooks

in order to find that special place in the sun
that clearing where our love roamed
grazing on carmine poppies, yellow buttercups
and blue cornflowers

how we neighed in complete liberty
to the sound of wooden cowbells
in the distance
oblivious of wagging tongues
and ill-wishers that enviously watched us

as the world around us
evaporated
dematerialized

like the steam coming out
of our flared nostrils
as we stare and gaze
into each other's eyes
face to face

how the sun strikes the hazel
pupils of your almond eyes
conjuring yellow tiger’s eye
our nostrils flare and sniff
that familiar whiff
we kick dirt with our hoofs
neigh, neigh

familiar yet so foreign
that we just want to study further
before we make a leap
into that alterity that will
somehow make us complete

as if we’re back home
no need to prove to anyone
just a moment of perfect quiescence,

the kind that you just kick off
your boots at the end of the day
and cherish that glass of chardonnay
resting our feet on top of that coffee table
that has become almost part of the family

you then recline in that dark alcove
fresh and humid
still thriving with the vestiges of you
where love once inhabited
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: [ mysterious roots  ]
Author: August Waves
mysterious roots

crammed in 
locked out
turned inside out
stitch me quietly 
on your collar
I’ll sit there
breathing in blossoms


stacked up high
pages of unheard voices
saw my loose ends off
the spade

silence settles down 
in violet moon windows 
takes Goliath bites of me

wandering up
my pirate kite
clawed by Coastal Redwood 

thinking of you 
merry-go-round 
echoing laughter on plastic horses

summoning up possibilities 
wildflowers hidden by April snow
cherry blossom trees catch my dreams 
mid glide down rough roads

after being homeless for over a year
almost freezing to death
being hunted
starving 
ripped off

every warm shower 
hits like her voice
a soothing song of wet
feeding thirsty curves
hidden below ground
speaking in another language 
only misfits understand.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Sausage Sandwich Sonnet
Author: InkdropK
Sam sat on a Saturday morning
wi pork mince in a bowl
making succulent sausages
which then he fried them whole

He fried them off wi onions
and seasoned wi salt and wi' spice
he browned them off so his barmcakes
would taste really nice.

And wi' sam's special sandwiches sorted,
he headed t' park for his lunch
and found a big tree up inth' high hill
to enjoy his special brunch

But Alas, Young Sam got attention
from a furry young terrier in th' park
and as terrier barked
Young sam he got parked!

And young sam he did drop his butties
and the terrier did fill his hole
as the sandwich fell down hill, and carried on til
the terrier ate sausage roll!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 13th May 2023
Author: Emelia-the-gemini
Heavy limbs, heavy head, drooping neck;
tangled beneath the tepid weight of unwashed bedsheets. 
Flowers wilt in the far right corner - heavy head, drooping neck. 
weak stems 
taking sorrowful sips from a murky vase, once three quarters full. 

I haven't drunken enough today.

Time trudges.
Time races. 
My mouth remains dry
teeth textured, rugged and rough -
the tip of a tongue attempts to slide upon their surface
but takes rest on the roof. 

Someone clatters in the kitchen below.
The house vibrates too much. Noise of others are an endless assault. 
Watch the world from a horizontal view: toss, turn. 
Everything seems scattered. 
Clothes are crumpled, blanketing the floorboards...
Along with other things I am too ashamed to mention.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: drown in mud
Author: JCA
beveled weapon struck down
the wounded phantom soldier
dwelling in the house of the dead tarot
built with the rotting sycamore

I chisel the granite for my cemetery stone
the blemished gazebo
pathway to the requiem orchestra

my peppered, whiskered face
weathered with the rotted artifacts
as an ambassador to the dead life

emerald hillside lurched over laughter
caustic blizzard to loosen the avalanche
drown in a sea of mud

nothing left but the soiled fingers
and the chest of a soldier
empty
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Desert Spring: Between the Golden Hours
Author: Wesley Mathews
There is never enough time to see.
In a good spring in the desert sunrise,
Canyons are threads of a vast web
Surrounding an arachnoform hub,
Shadowcasting in dewlight
Filtered through flowing honey,
Its amber rays echo from the hillsides
From a ten-day floral pageant.
Like hands of a clock,
The orb weaver is relentless,
And each hour given must not be wasted.
The golden ball climbs the wall of the sky 
Shaking dust from the Superstitions
Onto Peralta’s magentas,
While Mariposa Lilies
Shine, scattered doubloons,
On the rims of the Apache Trail.
Moving from edge to precipice
The weaver waits and points,
Their faces follow,
Heliotropic in worship
As the blue ceiling pitches from the wagon’s motion.
Incienso resonates
From gorge to glowing gorge,
Filling lenses with yellow breathlessness.
Our time is limited.
The orb passes north and west,
Its pedipalp rays feasting 
On Mazatzal globemallow
And lily-of-the desert,
Under thin whisps their tiny petals lost
Among hedgehog cactus and pink pincushion.
We must hurry.
In the McDowells
In the Golden Hour you have
Ten minutes less than
What you think:
Blossoms pucker in the sour light,
Gold-poppies fold early--
Umbrellas in flames upon the ridgetops, 
The spider-god having settled from their view
In the shadow of the dark-woven nest.
The black sentinel nears,
Dragon clouds ignite the evening’s threads,
As the ghost of the orange bloom sublimes
To the fire-lashed breath of the Pacific,
The exclamation point at the end of the West.
------------------------------------------------------------

