Title: Icy Morning Exhales
Author: Skypoet40
days aurora's rhythm, burnished through the clouds soulfulness
the misty steam exhaling near the river's embankment elopes
with the night's faint echoes bouncing off the sun's dolefulness
dancing to the blue beat of the dawns icy kisses kaleidoscopes
colorful wintery breeze rushes through the forest yielding
a galvanized perspective at the edge of the trail, a new day
has paved a path for my feet through the snowy abyss shielding

yesterday's last words from  the broken icicle's melty fray
the sun's door begins to open life within this icy tundra 
slipping and sliding along the river toward the cold fronts
climbing the mountainous peak past the conundrum
where a chilly smile caresses my frame when hope confronts
the snowbirds poetically chirping, rejoicing in the warming sun
singing a new song wings frozen tips stop fluttering, days begun
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: My Last Duchess
Author: Robert Browning
FERRARA
That's my last Duchess painted on the wall,
Looking as if she were alive.  I call
That piece a wonder, now: Fr Pandolf's hands
Worked busily a day, and there she stands.
Will't please you sit and look at her? I said
``Fr Pandolf'' by design, for never read
Strangers like you that pictured countenance,
The depth and passion of its earnest glance,
But to myself they turned (since none puts by
The curtain I have drawn for you, but I)
And seemed as they would ask me, if they durst,
How such a glance came there; so, not the first
Are you to turn and ask thus.  Sir, 'twas not
Her husband's presence only, called that spot
Of joy into the Duchess' cheek: perhaps
Fr Pandolf chanced to say ``Her mantle laps
``Over my lady's wrist too much,'' or ``Paint
``Must never hope to reproduce the faint
``Half-flush that dies along her throat:'' such stuff
Was courtesy, she thought, and cause enough
For calling up that spot of joy.  She had
A heart—-how shall I say?—-too soon made glad,
Too easily impressed; she liked whate'er
She looked on, and her looks went everywhere.  
Sir, 'twas all one! My favour at her breast,
The dropping of the daylight in the West,
The bough of cherries some officious fool
Broke in the orchard for her, the white mule
She rode with round the terrace—-all and each
Would draw from her alike the approving speech,
Or blush, at least.  She thanked men,—-good! but thanked
Somehow—-I know not how—-as if she ranked
My gift of a nine-hundred-years-old name
With anybody's gift.  Who'd stoop to blame
This sort of trifling? Even had you skill
In speech—-(which I have not)—-to make your will
Quite clear to such an one, and say, ``Just this
``Or that in you disgusts me; here you miss,
``Or there exceed the mark''—-and if she let
Herself be lessoned so, nor plainly set
Her wits to yours, forsooth, and made excuse,
—-E'en then would be some stooping; and I choose
Never to stoop.  Oh sir, she smiled, no doubt,
Whene'er I passed her; but who passed without
Much the same smile? This grew; I gave commands;
Then all smiles stopped together.  There she stands
As if alive.  Will't please you rise? We'll meet
The company below, then.  I repeat,
The Count your master's known munificence
Is ample warrant that no just pretence
Of mine for dowry will be disallowed;
Though his fair daughter's self, as I avowed
At starting, is my object.  Nay, we'll go
Together down, sir. Notice Neptune, though,
Taming a sea-horse, thought a rarity,
Which Claus of Innsbruck cast in bronze for me!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Morte-Saison Gone
Author: Brian Peter Hodgkinson
awaking from the ice-crusted morte-saison
(the tranquilized hibernation not so dear!)
the greening spring rejuvenating everyone
down to the cellar goes the holiday beer
after the christened meed & late year guerdon
of apple glazed ham and stuffed turkey cheer
(another stardate click in the perennial orbit gone!)
whining not as good as yesteryear.

what now changed for the earth snow lay upon?
(what now needs the lawn's mowing gear?)
the sun's heat undressing & redressing everyone
dogs and cats shed, gym rats with overweight fear
the ruddy skin not screened to the poison sun
cabin fever replaced by Easter spring fever cheer
(short-shorts showing buttock in fashion)
the same mating dance of yesteryear.

what have the these workaday years won?
with Saturn, Venus & the moon near!
after the earth thaws, ice once lay upon,
the feat of sunning earthworms under the clear
after the tree-toppling winds & rain's valor done?

that transformation is not a mere
chance, but the seasonal incubation paragon
never like the dried up ghosts of yesteryear.

the new creation renovation is done
spring spurring all to good cheer
for what is already morte-saison gone
is yesteryear.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Carolingian Queen
Author: John L Zwerenz
The Carolingian Queen

I left Rouen after the heavy rain
In my old, black coat, my martyred crown.
And in silhouettes where the stars dove down
I weaved orphic verse beside the lane.

Wandering on the bright, spacious lawns of a palace,
I came to behold a Carolingian queen in white
Who stepped onto her terrace in September's gilded light.
I stood below entranced, drinking from a chalice.

Amid tall, ancient tiers with a song she appears
As a breeze blows back the long tresses of her hair;
She smiles with quatrains in the sweet, summer air;
Her gazes are of wine and of mystic belvederes.

Is she fair haired or dark? -
She is too high up for me to know.
Yet her eyes are the diadem of every park,
Where the nascent moon does rise and glow. 

John Lars Zwerenz
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Poem 94
Author: Ch3shyre
It’s raining here, in Virginia,
At 6:14 on a Sunday afternoon.
The weather man says
We narrowly avoided a deluge
From a storm that was headed right for us.
Something tells me its slow pace
May have simply been an excuse
To enjoy our southern hospitality for a minute,
Perhaps even have some tea,
Before veering off course,
Turning towards the Midwest,
Leaving just the right amount
Of steady showers on the fringes,
For a quiet, Spring evening in May.

Rocking back and forth, at a languid pace,
On a glider, in a small, screened in patio,
Behind the house,
Away from prying eyes.
Everyone’s gone inside
To seek temporary shelter,
Hiding away ‘til the sky clears,
So it’s quiet enough
For me to focus on the scents
And touch of the air.

Warm, damp, lush.
The kind of humidity
That curls baby fine hairs
On the nape of a woman’s neck,
A soft breeze, scattering goosebumps
To and fro, over exposed skin,
And just beneath the neckline,
Wafting a perfumed breath
Of blooming honeysuckle,
Along my cheek and into my senses.
Sparkling blades of dew-soaked grass,
And newly unfurling green leaves,
Slick, shining,
Dripping with water as they open,
Second by second.
My little corner of this world,
Verdant, peaceful,
Entirely my own,
Just until the pavement dries.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Country Doctor
Author: Kevin Heaton
Country Doctor


The quest for Quivira parts storied 
rivers where bluestem and switchgrass
yawn early from wet winters, without 
much guidance from the sun.

I salve aloe into deep cuts, and suture
fevers onto windy dreams easting
across the Great North Bend. 

Range fires gloat, then hush. 
The moon suits up in butterfly weed 
orange, then turns ashen above the knoll 
where Coronado’s horse sparked flint 
rock, and flamed the hills.

In time, dust settles onto sand plum
roots, and we cellar the little red fruits
in mason jars. The prairie gathers baskets 
full of loaves and fishes for wolf 
and coyote children. 

I pause to place coins on weary eyes no 
longer witnessing horizons, and crisscross
two arms at rest beneath one stone.

Kevin Heaton
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: One Tier at a Time
Author: Vanessa Echavarria
a performer onstage says
we the audience 
can make the building vibrate
if we do it right

so one tier at a time we hum 
until our two thousand voices
melt into a sound bath

that swells from each fiber
in the plush crimson carpet
and slides up every inch
of the smooth ivory walls

at last we soak through
every roman brick
on this misty night in march

and here we are
doing it right
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Precarious Existence
Author: Tasi83
Stormy hurricane-force winds are coming. Whipping rain threatens. Between heaven's vault and creating earth, raging voices are raging! Bullets of glass, tear-drops bouncing from the sad eyes of windows. On the ridges of muscular spines the dagger makes paths, On the backs of rocks the lightning claws, Scratches with its needle-tooths: heavenly obscurity. With eager embracing arms ever clinging, The lurking ivy seeks safety and shelter: Young and unconscious lovers can only thus long For the embracing 
To the island of peace and safety, Harmony! In gluttony insatiable in greed, Armies of slugs threaten the potato fields in alarm. The ladybirds in their red-spotted skirts would dance in vain now. The countryside is trembling and writhing in uncertainty! Pear-apples and peaches are still growing, ever more vibrant and juicy. 
The Omnipotence is everywhere present and watching! Time is doomed to die, and system as law is finally preserved! - I have tried to discover Truth in the constellations of chocolate-eyes; Only later did I find it, I came too late for the end! I hear: in a verdant garden, the lifeless existence gnaws, pulls, pulls, pulls its worn-out limbs, the chubby worms fecundly digest the juicy stumps of the golden apples of the Hesperides: and the insatiable strife has already broken out! 
Thy clinging stings pinch thy flushing cheeks, thy nerve-cells: Thou dost stretch thy preying sweet-tooth to Edenic nectars! - In existence, man sniffs out secrets, puzzles out mysteries!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: dying to sing
Author: DarkMind
Locked inside a crammed, ageing cage
sat a thin-winged girl alone and afraid;
warned never to stray beyond the crimson hems...
for danger lurks in those distant dens.

curious eyes, gatekeepers to her 
feeble, young soul 
questioned how bad the danger really could be!
and so off she would go.

He sat by the quarry 
black gapes devilishly alert!
he glimpsed her from the corner of his raven eyes...and oh how he smirked:
A pretty, winged fairy
such a delicate little thing,
I'll keep her for myself and every night for me she’ll sing.

Each and every surly night 
when slithering of darkness imposed its way in...
he would beat the cage with his ivory bone stick 
and so she would begin...

Pale, pink-budded lips uttered hums
of soft melodies,
that echoed through his eerie grounds and gently kissed the slender trees...
with every chant that escaped her mouth
a beat skipped inside his sepulchre core,
he poked and prodded the caged, metal bars,
every night, till she could sing no more.

then one night as he unlocked her cage
to feed her some stale old bread,
she seized the key plunging it straight through his heart
until he dropped down dead.
now his wraith of darkness taunts her in her dreams...
and so every night she sings for him
to hush him when he screams.

FPP 03/05/2023
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Colour Of Grey
Author: DianeD
grey are the royals of a nesting rainbow
a bow whose rain is asleep
steely are dandelions that step to a tune
a song of the pearl elite

whitish the silver that braces a diamond
that's tinted with cobalt blues
dappled in droplets of lilacs and daisies
leaden with colorless hues

periwinkle fades to a slight tone of olive
when tacked in a gunmetal grey
lily-white are petals on couplets of roses
that bask in the white every day

skip by the violets and drink of their purple 
for purples bring out the taupe
when the dusk of a moonbow rises in yellow
like green it's an emblem of hope

so flick through the glade in all hues of color
like sweet-peas and tulips in may
embrace the slumber of night plums in autumn
and dream of a world without grey
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Driving to Stanthorpe
Author: Mark Chimes
We set off on the journey, suitably groomed,
clothed, and suitcased for a week at Grandma’s.
Days filled with fresh air, tea and shortbread loomed.
We breathed a mixture of anticipation and resignation.

The potholes in the road were filled with water
that captured fragments of the overhead sky
in portions larger than if they were filled with mortar;
Bringing the sky down so it was over us and under us

Feeling eerie, we drove between two skies expecting the universe
to fissure any minute from our unnatural action,
But the skies remained calm, clouds interspersed,
puffed and pompous like French pastries.

Empyrean dainties plump with heavenly manna,
watery intent dripping from their brows.
The universe split, dumping again its wet hosanna
with distemper and petulance upon us.

Arriving at the matriarchal residence
as we dismounted from our muddied sedan
the cerulean skies belied the sullied evidence;
We looked like travellers venturing from a previous epoch.


March 2018
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Aging gardeners
Author: Solomonsverses
He watches me from his golf cart
tilling the heavy clay soil gardens
beads of sweat rolling down my cheeks
his shoulders droop like a lost soldier
a hunger in his eyes at a sideline vigil

quizzing my exotic new-fangled methods
of horticulture, planting heirloom vegetables
pruning and training tomatoes to climb 
skeptical of using cardboard as weed prevention
satisfied when I plant something he knows

he stalks me from the shadow of pine trees
my personal caddy with arsenal of garden tools
making his rounds around the landscaped yard
an aging referee hooked to an oxygen tank

in his youthful vigor I used to trail behind him as he tilled
a tomboyish daughter willing to get dirt under her nails
searching for pink worms from the overturned earth
helping water the freshly planted zucchini
pulling weeds and plucking tomato horn-worms
two generations of aging gardeners in a semicentennial field

twenty years from now as my wrinkles deepen
and arthritis prevents me from working the ground
will I be a spectator rolling around in a buggy
watching with that same desire in my eyes?
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Happiness
Author: Riya993
There’s just no accounting for happiness,
or the way it turns up like a prodigal
who comes back to the dust at your feet
having squandered a fortune far away.

And how can you not forgive?
You make a feast in honor of what
was lost, and taken from its place the finest
garment, which you saved for an occasion
you could not imagine, and you weep night and day
to know that you were not abandoned,
that happiness saved its most extreme form
for you alone.

No, happiness is the uncle you never
knew about, who flies a single-engine plane
onto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikes
into town, and inquires at every door
until he finds you asleep midafternoon
as you so often are during the unmerciful
hours of your despair.

It comes to the monk in his cell.
It comes to the woman sweeping the street
with a birch broom, to the child
whose mother has passed out from drinking.
It comes to the lover, to the dog chewing
a sock, to the pusher, to the basketmaker,
and to the clerk stacking cans of carrots
in the night.
It even comes to the boulder
in the perpetual shade of pine barrens,
to rain falling on the open sea,
to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Brighten My Day
Author: LorraineM
Butterfly powder blue over lilac hues,
Regal wing tips silver shimmer,
Tint of silk candy pink threads,
Glowing in suns warm rainbow rays,
High above yellow green meadows,
Twirling graceful flutters masterfully,
Enjoying airs floral bouquet scent,
Nectar sweet a well deserved treat,

Making way to a waltzing sunflower,
Yellow satin petals to take shade,

Drinking sticky sweet honey nectar,
A subtle fold of magical wings,
Yummy drink time to nap on bed of gold.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Fumigation
Author: BioChemicalChameleon
The cold wind blows
here, blows by...
somehow catching that last
thought and sending it
over mountains, over crevasses
the size of the fists of angels
pummeling this cold tundra.
A thousand smiles couldn't fool
these retinas, their snowy ice
so frostily impaling Vlad's own head,
his heartstrings tenderly twinged
as his gaze falls upon a bed of embers,
twirling back up into the Night again;
A roiling sensitivity that exhumes
from her unaccountable entrails
just the same visage that worn-out peccadillos
mark their coups for each conspiracy
to trace that wind to its
frostbitten consummation.

What a glory all these ideas,
so hollow and profuse with idling fumes 
--fumigated by her breaths--
and the painting of some horses,
up in the mountains, causing them
to step here and there,
lengthening each step 
perforce some glare
in the Night's roaming avarice,
its gates perfuming some sense
of objectifying the sand dunes
that crown those smoky, dark green eyes.

My eyes, My eyes have seen the glory
of the coming of the bird,
illumined by the quiescence
of some other, flightless bird.
And on the speckled Dunn,
the hill of Wicked reconciliation
are borne the bats
that take the stars underwing
and flap across the moon's perfumed face.
And they take, and they take, and take,
each moment razing the soupy canopy of clouds
into little tufts of a vision

...somewhere, floating, like a snot bubble
about to burst beyond the horizon
in the spaceship of my mind.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: a potter's field for burying stars
Author: porchlightsongs
the room where things were decided

outside the window, stones toss
shadows like fallen obelisks across
the lawn, ruby-rusted with fallen leaves;
a mirror on the wall reflects our 
family history in the littoral murkiness
of late september's midnight sea

the ghost-light of the moon seeps through
a bronzed keyhole, unlocks the 
darkness, fills a tea cup; i sift out 
the grounds, take slow sips from the
denim-blue brim; beneath the glassy
surface, within the deepness of my own 
eyes, a potter's field for burying stars
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Swing
Author: Robert Louis Stevenson
How do you like to go up in a swing, 
Up in the air so blue? 
Oh, I do think it the pleasantest thing 
Ever a child can do! 

Up in the air and over the wall, 
Till I can see so wide, 
River and trees and cattle and all 
Over the countryside— 

Till I look down on the garden green, 
Down on the roof so brown— 
Up in the air I go flying again, 
Up in the air and down!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: graveyard
Author: christopher m. tutko
graveyards shovels wood chippers
gravyyard 
a factory
lean meat
fat oil gravy
meat sauce
a small restrurant across
freeways and fast cars
buses and taxi's
years go by
retire and sip
on meat gravy out of
skullhead bowls
fingers made into
meat forks happy birthday
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Amsterdam Vice
Author: Inkandessence
Wooden clogs clip-clop
over townhouse curbed cobbles
Bicycle chains flutter
as we stop at red lights
Two women gesture with touch
A pimp interrupts talking double Dutch

Laughing hysterically 
Waving the magic wand 
Disappearing in puffs of smoke
choking on chugs of canal boats
Mind meandering 
like Rembrandt brush strokes
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Rainbow Garden
Author: Tania K
Welcome to my rainbow garden of flowers.
A place to see bright red tulips,
hug delicate pink hyacinth.
Blue balloon blossoms,
kiss silky yellow roses.
Giant orange hibiscus,
guard vibrant magenta peonies, 
and dark purple lilacs shelter mossy green ferns.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Storm Warning
Author: eugenem
Listen:

the forced air clings to things,
prising the dust out of every cleft,
each crevice, sweeping it from 
the broad expanse of abandoned roads.

Watch:

it steadily approaches,
salting the grieving wind,
blending particles of brick, glass,
stone and soil into flaying gyres
of blistering, kinetic energy.

Feel:

the bar drops as the wind
drives forward a screen of angry hail
and freezing rain, bursting
asunder the banks of swollen rivers,
surging down mountains
in torrents brimming with foliage
and drowned beasts.

Look:

splintered forks of lightning
shatter the battered corpse
of the bruised sky, exposing
the monochrome wraiths of trees, 
torn from the solid grasp of earth
to soar towards the ruined vault
from the cowering land. 

Listen:

a storm is coming.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: [the B r i d g e]
Author: Marmalade.morning
Song of vodka in the morning

pint of cold wake-up call 

bold & bright

crisp & warm going down.

skeletons of branches

twigs, old newspapers & leaves, 

cover from the impending Moriah.

petrified wood bobs up & down

in whitecaps & seaweed 

as stringers of pike

float under the cobblestone overpass.

corn on the cob & pike 

sizzling on the open fire 

cast iron skillet.

old bottles clanking in the trailer.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Things That Are Green
Author: p0etic.purgat0ry
From grassy green meadows to evergreen trees
green is the most lively color of them all
whether you're swatting at a green sweat bee
or watching a perched resplendent quetzal

Here are some things that are green
that you may or may not have seen
leaves and moss on rocks
the lime green luna moth
gliding green macaws in a flock
the olive skinned glass frog

Monarch caterpillars and their chrysalis
iredescent feathers of a green jay
the mighty praying mantis
cut emeralds and polished jade

A green eyed girl
aphids on the leaf of a sunflower
a Tahitian pearl
leaves of a redwood tree that towers

Hummingbirds sipping sweet nectar
kiwis, granny smith apples and limes
the evergreen cedar
a green tree python at lunch time
dahilas and carnations come in green too
and even the kaka boo
these are things that are green
that you may or may not have seen
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: May 10
Author: Icarus rising
I sit in the rose garden
under a summers hedge 
the vines dance and mend

the old mill stones protrude
at the bay eroding rhythmically

like moss on bones, damp mushrooms under
rolling empty logs, deconstructed trees

that help these roses breathe again
Laying in the sun 
the petals curl undone they fall
one by one
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Firecracker
Author: Ah.Change00
they dance; they flail their dazzling tails,
flashing over cracked concrete sidewalks,
as they inflame the gold-dressed lions.
lurid smoke opens to a crowded scene—
cymbals join in the celebration, cheering
to scare the pantomime lions away.

even gleeful shopkeepers from far away
are kindling the cayenne coiling on tails—
soft murmurs burst into crackling cheers,
then leave white ashes on sidewalks
and a smell of gunpowder at the scene.

children will never forget this scene—
brazen sparklers snap frantically in a way
that even chattering on the sidewalks
cannot disturb the fusing and fizzling tails.

still, eager eyes trace along the fiery tails—
how daylight traces away from this scene—
until only pinwheels remain on sidewalks.

evening sows red paper stubs on sidewalk,
as sparks trail closer to the tip of the tail—

as sparks trail closer to the tip of the tail.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: ₩inds₩ept
Author: Soul.talks
under a merciless sun
summer's fiery breath steals
across the red dust ground

tumbleweeds cartwheel over
scorched stubble fields,
rest along the farmer's fence;   
a new breath of wind, a new 
wild journey 

a willy willy hurries past 
the abandoned homestead
through withered pasture;
dust-tanned sheep shelter 
beneath the lazy green 
of a red gum tree

oh, how deep blue the sky, 
how merciless summer's 
face
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: A Man and His Mower
Author: Exurbanite
Sleepy Sunday morning dawn
blacktop road with pretty lawn
with rows of sedge that hedge the edge
a vision of the land redrawn.

A drowzy drone of blades bemoans 
homeowner clone; the seeds he's sown 
now clippings cast in streets and blown 
in breezy swirls of 
indifference. 

He spends his pay, and spends his day, 
trimming, fertilizing, spray-
ing, holding insect swarms at bay:
Guardian of
his emerald 
jewel.

When once his dream, his hands have cast,
his brow is dried, he sleeps at last,
his fertile parklike opus vast;
the briars again 
lay siege.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: cold bathwater
Author: p.e.r
wash my back for once,
a familiar splayed palm lathered in 
floral soap and oils. i bruise my mind with battered 
fists and rise with ruddy cheeks and 
salty skin, i forget how warm other bodies are 
until i sense you 
counting my vertebrae while bathing. shredding me down to 
my leather boots,
i hot-glued every fragment of my spine together again.
not fully fledged, 
my feathers ripe with incense, i admitted you could amputate 
my organs and forget to pedal the
sewing machine, and in return i mother myself. 
traded out your palm 
for a loofah, and my empty lunch box 
for a brimming silver bowl.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Kentuck Knob Meets Lunkhead Knob
Author: imkleyurflesh
Usonian, right?  American as apple pie or Hagen...?
I scream for 
Ice cream!
...there's a Gauff building in there somewhere. 

Go CoCo go! 
OHHHHHH, serendipity 
Lucky!


Freedom Rider, the traffic is awful
in front of my new house, Lunkhead Knob. 


Two lanes of 79S, four of the North, 
its timing timorous shuttering, singing, shrinking, slamming, and streaming hounds around down my ears like... Mike's punches were to faceless-countless boxers-down-for-the-count Boxters.


"No house should be on a hill or anything. It should be 
of the hill.  Belonging to it.  Hill and house should live 
together."  - Frank Lloyd Wright...


Lincoln Ave...to...White Way... an
Espalier, you say, aye?
Maybe, May 
be. 

Your East Coast Toad, your West Coast Toad
Tyson got a plan
Can't be Tyson's chicken, eh ?... rofl

Punchdrunk funk, get up Mike, and walk- It's your wallet causing sciatica... and Mike, your doves told you proper alright- dey pidgeons!
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: I’m groping
Author: Mahtab Bangalee
A piece of peaceful smiling-
In the beak of flying birds,
In the clapping of dancing leaves,
In the rhythm of running stream,
In the cold mind of wintry frost

Pitcher of date juice is calling-
The midday of dewy night,
The jazz music in rundown inn,
Homeless street sleepers of city,
The thirst of greedy onlooker ghost

In the befuddled blaring winter
Into the procession of snowy dark
By the light of lamppost I’m groping-
Groping the stairway to heaven
Sipping on the juice with the smile 


©Mahtab Bangalee
Chattogram
08/01/2023
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Nights Of A Bermuda June
Author: L G Mace
The last summer my mother was alive
she took my sister and I ~ 
(little knowing that January she' fall ill and die)
for two weeks in Bermuda 
as a special vacation treat.
We left the coolness of Montreal
miraculously flew through the Bermuda Triangle
to come out on the Airport's asphalt 
sweltering in the tropical sun's heat
We were taken to our own private cottage
perched high up on its own secluded hill
to cool off and relax in the mild night's chill.
The night was calmingly quiet
except for the pounding of the surf
on the coral and the pumiced rocks below.
Standing on our own private patio 
to be intoxicated by the exotic perfume of passion flower
and night blooming jasmine 
our senses did giddily go
In the morning the waters below our cottage
were so clear we could see the parrot fish
feeding in the waters of turquoise 
out further red coral and emerald green
On the horizon galleon ships sails unfurled
and little skiffs floating like bobbing corks
the nautical activities quite set the scene.
The sands of our own private beach a whole mile long
where duned with sweeps of sand as white as winter snow.
And the SOS steel bands played the ragae like music
accompanied by happy voiced sang their Bermudian song.
The two weeks passed too quickly fishing, dining, and sailing too.
enjoying all the activities especially 
the seas of Bermudas turquoise blue
And on the last night watched the clear
of a million diamonds spakle in the Heavens
as shooting stars shot across the cestial sky.
I was touched by so much  awe and beauty
a tear drop found itself into my eye
The equisite beauty of a perfect tropical evening
The only light the evervescence of the full moon
Leaving me with the memories of the nighst
of a Bermuda June.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Lakeside Flowering (inspired by painting 'Spring in the Garden' by Barbara Ortiz)
Author: Sylvan
When honeyed sun illuminates the smiling cotton sky
in lapis hues, reflecting bluebell ripples 'pon the lake
all leaves upon the banyan tree, excited, green and high
announce the pastel riot - "spring engulfs us in her wake!"
From every sprig now tiny buds begin to stir and grow
and join the jazz of bursting paint, then blush – a gentle glow.

To find retreat in scent of myrtle's mauve and crinkled folds
or hum with bougainvilleas setting lakeshores all aflame
'tis no less than a paradise! Where burdens slack their holds
upon our hearts – now for the season's floral flair to claim.

As oleanders' gold and saffron form the landing spot
for dragonflies that roller-skate across the fluid sheet
then ballet with the blossoms as the woodland breezes trot
inviting rangoon creepers in their dozens' maroon fleet.
For every winter's frosty grey is cut by April's swords,
immersed within embrace sublime – of petals, singing birds.

The flute of magpies ring, the silver of each heron's wing
both sprint within the jade and chartreuse and 'cross light and shade
as flowers tell us all to bloom, and flourish in our spring
but also breathe in beauty, calm, and sculpt our verdant glade.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Still Shot: In Whitman's style
Author: Charlie-Girl
He stared at the thick column of light that sank through the tent’s window and 
right on through to his counterpane—
stared at the countless specks of dust and lint swirling there—
particles, particles, particles— 
ever slowly, twisting, spinning, never straying from their glowing path,
hanging there as if held by some imaginary force, 
suspended somehow in that golden space.  

Slowly he cupped his hands into the light, 
watched his fingers glow, 
marked how the light spilled over still, 
onto the photo, the hospital cot, the floor, and then where?  

If he could only follow that column to the end, where would he be?  
How the lint spun onward, bouncing in air, bumping off particles, 
endlessly twisting and turning about, 
swirling and churning and pivoting there.  

He the dust. 
He the lint, surrounded, detached, in that measureless ocean of light.  
Would he never stop swirling, twisting, spinning?
Would he never find some place to land?
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Food for the Pyre
Author: Fairyfangs
you wrapped me up in linen and butchers twine for the harvest.
kissing my lips after each knot and a tear drop for each year i shall decay in dead orange leaves and baby tooth moss.
rose petals scattered in the cool wind, coffin nails spoke in whispered tones they sang the secrets of the witches once crowned.
the cold earth was met with my feet and that night the pyre ate me in a devil's roar of hunger and lust.
for i was a child who toyed with the veil.
for i was a woman, unnerved and wild.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Annie Mae at Home
Author: Rose Farrar
Annie Mae At Home

For my grandmother a very fine woman..

A hard worker she was.. before the age of ten..
A grown woman before her time, way it was back then..

Farm life necessitates it's basic rules and needs..
Spread hay, feed cattle, plow, gather eggs.. sow seeds..

Grew fragrant white jasmine, planted a rose garden too..
Loved growing things, always knew how and what to do..

A virginal teen, married her true love at fifteen..
Then bore him more kids than the town'd ever seen..

Fresh faced, no makeup.. her beauty a glowing smile..
She teased and pleased her "Ben".. all the while..

Braless, a slip, and cotton dress.. she liked best..
Did that daring wear.. raise husband's interest?

By seventeenth anniversary she had born eleven..
Sadly through the years, four kids gone on to heaven.. 

Money sparce, homemade or handmedowns all did wear.
Cut the boys "crew cuts" and "braided" girls hair..

Whatever bounty anyone got or bought.. all did share..
Taught well. She gave all, and had love to spare..

Thankful for the giving soil, of their good earth..
Fresh garden veggies planted, toiled for their worth..

Served fried chicken, apple pie, potates and meat..
Good hearty meals. Family always prayed before they did eat.. 

Nights by lantern and firelight she'd read aloud..
Fiction and fact, children grew smart, she was proud..

Loved hubby and kids, Annie Mae never did roam..
She loved many things but always loved best, being
"At Home"..


Rose Oakes Chandler Farrar
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Poland
Author: Lea Knowles
Every hour
the broken voice of a bugle calls
to each of the four quarters 
of the world 
summoning the attention of good citizens
of heroic memory, the sad reflective,
the wild adventurous
and those who would grace this land
with time and love.

Through past ages
Balts and Prussians, Germans and Russians
variously connived and fought 
to subdue or annihilate a culture-
from Gdańsk to Zakopane,
from Szczecin to Jaroslaw -
a strong identity that refused to be repressed,
that rejoiced in the misty backwaters,
the forests of Puszcza Bialowieska,
the wild windy spits and haunting sands
of the Baltic shore.

Auschwitz is now hushed and still
yet the ghosts of horrors abound, 
feeding the sensitive mind
with images of bones
still raw and chilling in birdless silence.
There are no bones here now, only stones
but still, ash billows across the imagination
in sickly jaundiced clouds of chimney smoke
across a cold grey sky.
Writhing visions of naked skeletal forms
succumbing by the thousand
to cyanide gas,
visions even today having the power
to spread through you like infection -
the more you see, the sicker becomes the soul 
with realisation of the capacity for the inhumane 
to brand a name and obscenity
on the history of a creed, a race, a nation.

But this is not Poland - rather
an enclave of hell.
This is not the soul of your fatherland, your creation,
but you have to let it linger
that we may with heavy heart look back
down the track of time under the watchtower
to where only death made them free.

Kazimierz, in early morning light - 
inner streets of Krakow seem to squirm 
as they waken with the quietness of memory.
Synagogues and tenements remain,
grey walls scarred, riddled with atrocity.
There are no bones here either
but dark actions revealed and documented
lest history be distorted, disbelieved.

Today in this picturesque place 
we may savour a bygone age,
burrow for bargains, if you have the eye, 
among all the jewellery, homewares and militaria
where night-life beats out loud
from coffee bars and cellars
with the freedoms won for our youth - Na zdrowie!

Golden time is coming,
spreading from the lowlands,
first frosts already in the clean air 
of the high alluring Tatras.
Mists swirl through the last primeval forests
where bison and lynx, boar and bear
are free to roam.

For some
rustic life still takes place
at the pace of horse and cart
along deep rutted ways that confine them to their parish
and where rumours of a new millennium raise a smile.

There may be bones here, long cold
but contentment among the woods and fields 
beneath the gaze of the bell-tower 
and dome of the sky
to let the wider world pass by - 
a rare peace
where cloud and mountain, forest and stream
and rich songs of birds
allow the mind to revive, relax
reflect on values of heart and home
and reconnect with a more moral, stable
natural world.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Eternal Ethereal Pitch Black Cave
Author: Anuangelseyes
tickling the nose of the fat winter rat
a swirl of pearls of flys and gnats
deep in the dark-droplets dance in the cave
to moisten the larva of animal graves

silver white intricate webs shine on the walls
where spiders spin tighter new feasts into balls
where perfume of mildew in putrid moss drifts
grows in fresh rows where bats hang off the cliffs

inverted wings wrapped high above defecation
as spores on the floors spawn germ celebrations
in solidified eons the columns drip down
to set in the wet stalagmite ground

where roaches swarm warm in heat geothermal 
as centipedes march in carcass subdermal
in carrion flesh of things born without eyes
adapted to echolocate their whole lives

cavern of darkness-hole deep in the earth
where snails tell tales of eons of mirth
where sad creatures sing of scorpion stings
and pains that evolved into new birthings

pale creatures feeding-eyelids bereft
insects are eaten through cracks on the clefts
troglobites dreaming shunned from the sun
minds full of dying new flesh that will come

as worlds of draperies and coral knob rocks
form calcium carbonate flowstone clocks
telling the time to soda straw towers 
as helectite formations form delicate flowers

behold the mysterious ethereal cave
shining with crystals in minerals bathed
ancient and twisted-in solitude blessed
filled with beasts.in insects dressed
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: sidereal death
Author: Colvet
deluded
by the milky strands 
of yesterday’s dead moon
rotting on a grassy knoll
seeming like a juicy
volcanic eruption
of sidereal death
splattered on collegiate halls
he inhales
her silvery tubes of mist
hitting strong today
on finely tuned
muscular drums
reflecting the transience
of her effluence
dangling
like paltry funeral clothes
starched for Sunday’s service
let go now
of your concerted ineptitudes
wrapped in a fleecy throw
blanketing the skin cells
from the inner coldness
as pillowed streams
and sweating beads
persist
like substance
in a system drowned
by lunar tears
and frozen expels
propelled 
from silver aluminum
ten gallon barrels
chained
in the 9th dimension
of ascetical demise
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Behind Closed Eyes
Author: Nonna2Seven
Shimmering moonlight sparkles
casting shadows on muted ground,
but lost am I in your arms
as earth and space spin ‘round.

Quiet are night’s whispers,
for there’s only one sound to be heard,
beatings of your heart and mine
in heated passion spurred.

An ambience of breathless rapture
fills all with its sweet perfume;
awakening smoldering embers
of fiery flames to be consumed.

A rhapsody of love fulfilled,
as night’s shadows give way to sunrise,
thoughts carry me ‘til shadows fall,
lost in ecstasy…behind closed eyes.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Invisible Hand
Author: Essential Questions
Flesh is torn,
iron against bone,
crowned with thorns,
on a gibbet throne.

Storm clouds gather.
Voices babel.
Flocks scatter.
Soldiers gamble.

The sun goes dark.
Shadows descend.
Lightning arcs.
The Passion ends.

A bold wind gusts.
The crowds stray.
A lance is thrust.
The Earth sways.

The Temple quakes,
shakes the air.
Columns break.
A curtain tears.

A woman cries.
An apostle reels.
A pharisee chides.
A centurion kneels.

A tomb is offered.
The body, placed.
A watch is ordered.
The guards pace.

Sleep stuns.
The seal is broken.
Mourners come.
The grave is open.

Once low, now lifted,
the prospects of Man,
like the stone, are shifted,
by an Invisible Hand.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Fisherman's Humdrum
Author: Chieftainpowers80
Another day passes by
with the setting of the sun
the sea foams at mouth
and bares fresh fruit
that feeds the masses

Strewn across the jagged shores
the fishing boats at dock
bring in their catches galore
the fish large or small

Withered and chapped hands
unload the cargo and haul it off to market
worn out men rank with the scent of fish and salty sea
as the light fades and the night brings on its chill

They find shelter in local smoke filled pub
consume cheap liquor and ale
talk loudly or
sing occasional song about far off dreams
catches they've won
or women divine
about life in another time.

Filled to or beyond the brim
breathe ripe with drunkenness
they head home to try stealing a kiss
from their fat wives
with hopes for a score
these men lay on their thick inebriated woo

Wives angry about wasted lives
about children deprived of a fathers love
about promises said and never kept
about could haves and dreams
that dwindled and now are dead

Then with the nights last cigarette hanging loosely from stern lips
and tears welling in his disheartened eyes
while he looks in upon the sleeping children
raggedly nestled together in one makeshift bed


Finally he crawls into bed
and slumber ushers in
gaping drool of mouth
and shattering ignorance of snores
taking up the simple rest

Only to arouse again
before the sky opens tired eyes
before the unleashing of the golden globe sun
out the warmth of home and heart
to foggy sea they set once more
to catch another catch
in hopes to keep families fed
and the poor house from their weary door
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: What Really Happened to the Grinch
Author: Maxwell Irvine
And what happened next? 
Well, in Whoville they say
That the Grinch's small heart
Grew three sizes that day.

His thoughts filled with joy
He now understood
The meaning of Christmas
He wanted to do good!

But then pain overtook him,
he sunk to the ground.
"Ow!" He yelled, but
there was no one around.

Yes, the Grinch's heart grew
But was now oversize
He acknowledged defeat
This was his demise

The Grinch was quite dizzy
Had shortness of breath
He needed a pacemaker
Or was looking at death!

Max was tied to the sleigh
He couldn't get help
He stood there in panic
Doing nothing but yelp

The Grinch clutched at his chest.
He felt a bit strange.
The pain was intense.
He should never have changed.

He gasped for ten minutes
But then he was found
By a shaggy, half-blind
Italian greyhound.

"Go get someone, quick!"
The Grinch told the dog
The pup shook his head
backed away through the fog

"No, wait!" The Grinch called
The dog eyed him plaguily
"This is serious! I'm going to
Have cardiomegaly!"

The dog paused for a moment
Then nodded quite bravely
He sprinted away
The Grinch lay down gravely

Maybe there was still hope
for a despicable grinch
But the pain just intensified
It just made him flinch

Soon the Grinch heard sirens,
saw frantic flashes of lights
An ambulance on Mount Crumpit
Up here in these heights!

The doctors jumped out
And stopped in their tracks
They glanced at the Grinch
Then stared at the sacks

Of presents and cookies
And stockings he'd stole
He'd even taken the
Naughty childrens' coal.

"I'm sorry!" The Grinch wheezed
"I'll explain this all later.
But rest assured that I am 
No more a Christmas hater!"

The doctors loaded him up
And then zoomed away
But as they were leaving
Max bumped the sleigh

That was teetering up there
And Max was appalled
When the sleigh tipped forwards
And started to fall

Off the mountain, straight down!
Traveling so fast
Whoville was in danger!
And Max was aghast.

He jumped from the ambulance
He lunged for a rope
That was dangling from the sleigh
But there was no hope

He couldn't pull it up
So along for the ride
He went, tumbling over
The edge with wide eyes

The world moving slower
Max dropped through the sky
Cindy Lou Who looked up
And let out a cry

FIve thousand pounds
Of wrappings and gifts,
A much-frightened dog
Had fallen from the cliffs!

And a red and gold sleigh
And lots of snow, too
Were heading for Whoville
The town of the Whos!

The ambulance arrived
Shot through the town square
Towards the Who Hospital
Moving faster than air

The Whos cleared the streets
But Cindy was scared
The dog was in danger!
And nobody cared!

But Max had quick thinking
He unwrapped some things
That were falling around him
And then he found wings

Well, a little toy parachute
That quickly deployed
The other things crashed
And were all but destroyed

But Max floated down
And was perfectly all right
He landed on the rubble
And oh, what a sight

The sleigh was in pieces
The toys were all smashed
The puddings were splattered
The trees were all bashed

Meanwhile, in the hospital
The Grinch was asleep
A transplant was happening
And it wouldn't be cheap

The heart was so large
that the doc was confused
The Grinch had lived so long
Yes, he was bemused

After the surgery, 
The Grinch felt such joy
But also such sorrow
For stealing the toys

He bought all of Amazon
'Twas such a delight!
And Whoville forgave him
Their future looked bright

The Whos loved the grinch
And gave him much praise
And the Grinch lived with the Whos
For the rest of his days
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Linblad's Glass
Author: Blue Rambler
through linblad's thick-hard blood stained glass
the sign reads lazy j
another ice cold pitcher down
to start a coos bay day

union members cross the eastside bridge
in steel toe boots
hard as nails their cold lunch pails
hold tight to toughened roots
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Palaces of Alabaster
Author: Julia885
Vases of crystal grace marble halls
Brucite frames the windows clear
Gypsum columns along calcite walls
In soaring palaces of alabaster

Sculpted baryte busts on talc plinths
And hallways lined with portraits in granite
Castorite couches line the labyrinth
In spacious palaces of alabaster

Silver-white roses grow in neat hedges
Down the long white-chalk paths
Scolecite sculptures line the edges
Outside the palaces of alabaster

A dreary existence where all is white
For those who live in that place
A colorless cheerless world
With only palaces of alabaster
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Mr Smith Goes to Washington
Author: ersatzian
Each time I'm in town I make it a point
to go see French and French's marble house
for Lincoln-san.  It's lovely in the way
that Whitsun roses are in wintertime:
some sharp, some shorn of life the shade of snow.
It strikes me I've not seen it full—the mall's
reflection pool, that is.  For every time
I ought to have seen clear water or ice,
my ghostly face among the other ghosts,
I saw only flecks of mud and stone then
golden doors before a golden throne.  All
of a sudden I'm in the breakfast room
at Tabard Inn and Great Gazoo insists,
You have to try these eggs and no I can't
say no because the simplest pleasures get
to me.  Acheiropoieta on the bread—
a surefire sign that food well made must make
you cry.  While waiting for the metro to
Takoma with a friend we heard a lone
voice sing, He bear her off, he bear her down;
as I lay dying I've been born again.
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: Embers and flame
Author: parenchma
Apples and bananas, Strawberries and Pineapple
Steaming pile of craw fish, russet potatoes and yellow corn
Mustard, ketchup
Sunflowers growing on Vesuvian garnet hillside
Cardinals and goldfinch feeding together
Black-eyed Susan's among the red clover
Daffodils dancing around specimen Japanese red maple
Pine pollen wash on cherry brick path
Red and Yellow Stars hanging together on autumn Liquidambar
Harvest Moon Slaughter, Road kill splash on No Passing Zone
Spotted Inca gold stolen by Spanish
And again by Elizabeth's letters, Sunburned Blond
Red next to yellow, Will kill a fellow
Fear in the heroic, Cowardice and Sacrifice
Tail lights brake and signal turn
Caution; Stop
Passover Blood in Golden Chalice
Day of Atonement
Amber displayed on Burgundy Velvet
Red dawn becomes new golden lit day
------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The dormant grey
Author: Anonymouse481
The slopes cradle the leafy boughs
Of trees grazing the skies
Swathes of empty, grassy paths carve tear tracks in the face
Of the hill, shadowed
By the dormant grey
Of the clouds swallowing the sky
The peak of the tor
Pierces the blanket of louring cloud
And it begins to rain
------------------------------------------------------------

